text
"toy story martial arts jealousy toy boy friendship bullying elementary school friends rivalry rescue mission walkie talkie boy next door new toy neighborhood toy comes to life resourcefulness led by woody, andy s toys live happily in his room until andy s birthday brings buzz lightyear onto the scene. afraid of losing his place in andy s heart, woody plots against buzz. but when circumstances separate buzz and woody from their owner, the duo eventually learns to put aside their differences.  toy story"
"jumanji giant insect board game jungle disappearance recluse stampede based on young adult novel when siblings judy and peter discover an enchanted board game that opens the door to a magical world, they unwittingly invite alan -- an adult who s been trapped inside the game for 26 years -- into their living room. alan s only hope for freedom is to finish the game, which proves risky as all three find themselves running from giant rhinoceroses, evil monkeys and other terrifying creatures. roll the dice and unleash the excitement! jumanji"
"grumpier old men fishing old man best friend duringcreditsstinger a family wedding reignites the ancient feud between next-door neighbors and fishing buddies john and max. meanwhile, a sultry italian divorcée opens a restaurant at the local bait shop, alarming the locals who worry she ll scare the fish away. but she s less interested in seafood than she is in cooking up a hot time with max. still yelling. still fighting. still ready for love. grumpier old men"
"heat robbery detective obsession chase thief honor murder heist betrayal gang los angeles cat and mouse bank robbery criminal mastermind cult film ex-con one last job loner bank job neo-noir crime epic obsessive master thief, neil mccauley leads a top-notch crew on various daring heists throughout los angeles while determined detective, vincent hanna pursues him without rest. each man recognizes and respects the ability and the dedication of the other even though they are aware their cat-and-mouse game may end in violence. a los angeles crime saga heat"
"sabrina paris france sibling relationship chauffeur long island fusion millionaire an ugly duckling having undergone a remarkable change, still harbors feelings for her crush: a carefree playboy, but not before his business-focused brother has something to say about it. you are cordially invited to the most surprising merger of the year. sabrina"
goldeneye cuba falsely accused secret identity computer virus secret base secret intelligence service kgb satellite special car cossack electromagnetic pulse time bomb st. petersburg russia red army james bond must unmask the mysterious head of the janus syndicate and prevent the leader from utilizing the goldeneye weapons system to inflict devastating revenge on britain. no limits. no fears. no substitutes. goldeneye
"american president, the the white house usa president new love widower wildlife conservation widowed u.s. president andrew shepherd, one of the world s most powerful men, can have anything he wants -- and what he covets most is sydney ellen wade, a washington lobbyist. but shepherd s attempts at courting her spark wild rumors and decimate his approval ratings. why can t the most powerful man in the world have the one thing he wants most? the american president"
"casino poker casino drug abuse 1970s overdose mafia las vegas illegal prostitution 1980s in early-1970s las vegas, low-level mobster sam  ace  rothstein gets tapped by his bosses to head the tangiers casino. at first, he s a great success in the job, but over the years, problems with his loose-cannon enforcer nicky santoro, his ex-hustler wife ginger, her con-artist ex lester diamond and a handful of corrupt politicians put sam in ever-increasing danger. no one stays at the top forever. casino"
"sense and sensibility bowling based on novel or book servant country life inheritance rural setting military officer period drama rainstorm horse and carriage decorum 19th century devon rich mr. dashwood dies, leaving his second wife and her daughters poor by the rules of inheritance. two daughters are the titular opposites. lose your heart and come to your senses. sense and sensibility"
"ace ventura: when nature calls africa indigenous human animal relationship bat summoned from an ashram in tibet, ace finds himself on a perilous journey into the jungles of africa to find shikaka, the missing sacred animal of the friendly wachati tribe. he must accomplish this before the wedding of the wachati s princess to the prince of the warrior wachootoos. if ace fails, the result will be a vicious tribal war. new animals. new adventures. same hair. ace ventura: when nature calls"
"get shorty gambling miami based on novel or book gangster job murder travel mafia money debt mobster business hollywood violence drugs producer con chili palmer is a miami mobster who gets sent by his boss, the psychopathic  bones  barboni, to collect a bad debt from harry zimm, a hollywood producer who specializes in cheesy horror films. when chili meets harry s leading lady, the romantic sparks fly. after pitching his own life story as a movie idea, chili learns that being a mobster and being a hollywood producer really aren t all that different. the mob is tough, but it’s nothing like show business. get shorty"
"copycat police brutality psychology police operation police protection serial killer psychologist cowardliness an agoraphobic psychologist and a female detective must work together to take down a serial killer who copies serial killers from the past. one man is copying the most notorious killers in history one at a time. together, two women must stop him from killing again. or they’re next. copycat"
"powder dead animal shot to death teenage boy held at gunpoint teacher student relationship albino fainting christ allegory psionic power healing power flickering light extrasensory perception pale harassed by classmates who won t accept his shocking appearance, a shy young man known as  powder  struggles to fit in. but the cruel taunts stop when powder displays a mysterious power that allows him to do incredible things. this phenomenon changes the lives of all those around him in ways they never could have imagined. an extraordinary encounter with another human being. powder"
"leaving las vegas individual prostitute alcohol casino love at first sight lovesickness movie business screenwriter hotel room dying and death rage and hate unsociability alcoholism los angeles las vegas alcohol abuse ben sanderson, an alcoholic hollywood screenwriter who lost everything because of his drinking, arrives in las vegas to drink himself to death. there, he meets and forms an uneasy friendship and non-interference pact with prostitute sera. i love you... the way you are. leaving las vegas"
"city of lost children, the clone dream island brain eye dystopia aging friendship rescue children girl childhood child kidnapping flea a scientist in a surrealist society kidnaps children to steal their dreams, hoping that they slow his aging process. where happily ever after is just a dream. la cité des enfants perdus"
"twelve monkeys schizophrenia philadelphia cassandra syndrom stockholm syndrome time travel post-apocalyptic dystopia lethal virus monkey cult film subterranean in the year 2035, convict james cole reluctantly volunteers to be sent back in time to discover the origin of a deadly virus that wiped out nearly all of the earth s population and forced the survivors into underground communities. but when cole is mistakenly sent to 1990 instead of 1996, he s arrested and locked up in a mental hospital. there he meets psychiatrist dr. kathryn railly, and patient jeffrey goines, the son of a famous virus expert, who may hold the key to the mysterious rogue group, the army of the 12 monkeys, thought to be responsible for unleashing the killer disease. the future is history. twelve monkeys"
"babe alarm clock cat duck sheep pig farm affection piglet heroism anthropomorphism based on children s book dog separation farmer grandson sheepdog talking pig babe is a little pig who doesn t quite know his place in the world. with a bunch of odd friends, like ferdinand the duck who thinks he is a rooster and fly the dog he calls mom, babe realizes that he has the makings to become the greatest sheep pig of all time, and farmer hogget knows it. with the help of the sheep dogs babe learns that a pig can be anything that he wants to be. a little pig goes a long way. babe"
dead man walking prison rape nun socially deprived family penalty death penalty despair death row therapist self-discovery prison cell court case death sentence doomed man sentence lethal injection forgiveness charity mercy petition rage and hate unsociability right and justice court cowardliness a justice drama based on a true story about a man on death row who in his last days forms a strong relationship with a nun who teaches him forgiveness and gives him spirituality as she accompanies him to his execution.  dead man walking
"clueless puberty high school make a match spoiled child gay interest conflict woman director shallow, rich and socially successful cher is at the top of her beverly hills high school s pecking scale. seeing herself as a matchmaker, cher first coaxes two teachers into dating each other. emboldened by her success, she decides to give hopelessly klutzy new student tai a makeover. when tai becomes more popular than she is, cher realizes that her disapproving ex-stepbrother was right about how misguided she was -- and falls for him. sex. clothes. popularity. is there a problem here? clueless"
"to die for adultery based on novel or book winter obsession television new hampshire mockumentary narcissistic personality disorder suzanne stone wants to be a world-famous news anchor and she is willing to do anything to get what she wants. what she lacks in intelligence, she makes up for in cold determination and diabolical wiles. as she pursues her goal with relentless focus, she is forced to destroy anything and anyone that may stand in her way, regardless of the ultimate cost or means necessary. all she wanted was a little attention. to die for"
"seven  se7en  new york high school teacher attack stabbing after surviving a stabbing by a student, teacher trevor garfield moves from new york to los angeles. there, he resumes teaching as a substitute teacher. the education system, where violent bullies control the classrooms and the administration is afraid of lawsuits, slowly drives garfield mad. when schools become war zones and both sides start taking casualties, what then? one eight seven"
"pocahontas  wabuu, the raccoon, discovers a ship with a lot of strangers on the shore.  pocahontas"
"usual suspects, the law relatives theft criminal criminal mastermind hungarian sibling held in an l.a. interrogation room, verbal kint attempts to convince the feds that a mythic crime lord, keyser soze, not only exists, but was also responsible for drawing him and his four partners into a multi-million dollar heist that ended with an explosion in san pedro harbor – leaving few survivors. verbal lures his interrogators with an incredible story of the crime lord s almost supernatural prowess. five criminals. one line up. no coincidence. the usual suspects"
"mighty aphrodite prostitute adoption adoptive father childlessness looking for  birth parents adoptive mother independent film illegal prostitution child when lenny and his wife, amanda, adopt a baby, lenny realizes that his son is a genius and becomes obsessed with finding the boy s biological mother in hopes that she will be brilliant too. but when he learns that max s mother is linda ash, a kindhearted prostitute and porn star, lenny is determined to reform her immoral lifestyle. a greek chorus chimes in to relate the plot to greek mythology in this quirky comedy.  mighty aphrodite"
"postino, il  the postman  island letter postman naples fisherman poet love poverty simple italian postman learns to love poetry while delivering mail to a famous poet; he uses this to woo local beauty beatrice. dreams do come true. il postino"
"indian in the cupboard, the cupboard toy games puppet based on children s book parallel world toy comes to life toy soldier a nine-year-old boy gets a plastic indian and a cupboard for his birthday and finds himself involved in adventure when the indian comes to life and befriends him.  the indian in the cupboard"
"mr. holland s opus composer mentor deaf-mute musical apprentice private life music disabled in 1965, passionate musician glenn holland takes a day job as a high school music teacher, convinced it s just a small obstacle on the road to his true calling: writing a historic opus. as the decades roll by with the composition unwritten but generations of students inspired through his teaching, holland must redefine his life s purpose. of all the lives he changed, the one that changed the most was his own. mr. holland s opus"
"friday rap music parent child relationship rapper job craig and smokey are two guys in los angeles hanging out on their porch on a friday afternoon, smoking and drinking, looking for something to do. a lot can go down between thursday and saturday... friday"
"from dusk till dawn dancing sibling relationship showdown sheriff bank robber vampire holy water siege stripper priest extreme violence bank robbery preacher hostage situation crucifix recreational vehicle convenience store mexican american border boa constrictor seth gecko and his younger brother richard are on the run after a bloody bank robbery in texas. they escape across the border into mexico and will be home-free the next morning, when they pay off the local kingpin. they just have to survive  from dusk till dawn  at the rendezvous point, which turns out to be a hell of a strip joint. one night is all that stands between them and freedom. but it s going to be a hell of a night. from dusk till dawn"
"broken arrow helicopter river captain underground mexican standoff countdown pilot fistfight canyon major betrayal gunfight train explosion park ranger desert military nuclear device boxing stealth aircraft abandoned mine humvee when rogue stealth-fighter pilot vic deakins deliberately drops off the radar while on maneuvers, the air force ends up with two stolen nuclear warheads -- and deakins s co-pilot, riley hale, is the military s only hope for getting them back. traversing the deserted canyons of utah, hale teams with park ranger terry carmichael to put deakins back in his box. prepare to go ballistic. broken arrow"
"happy gilmore loss of loved one golf sport taxes failed hockey player-turned-golf whiz happy gilmore -- whose unconventional approach and antics on the grass courts the ire of rival shooter mcgavin -- is determined to win a pga tournament so he can save his granny s house with the prize money. meanwhile, an attractive tour publicist tries to soften happy s image. he doesn t play golf... he destroys it. happy gilmore"
"bridges of madison county, the adultery love at first sight based on novel or book photographer husband wife relationship iowa love of one s life mother role bridge housewife love letter peasant marriage crisis photography unsociability secret love national geographic photographer robert kincaid wanders into the life of housewife francesca johnson for four days in the 1960s. the path of francesca johnson s future seems destined due to an unexpected fork in the road... the bridges of madison county"
"braveheart individual scotland in love with enemy revolution kilt legend independence freedom idealism family clan battle united kingdom revolt tyranny false history highlands 13th century scottish highlands warfield enraged at the slaughter of murron, his new bride and childhood love, scottish warrior william wallace slays a platoon of the local english lord s soldiers. this leads the village to revolt and, eventually, the entire country to rise up against english rule. every man dies. not every man truly lives. braveheart"
"taxi driver new york vietnam veteran taxi obsession taxi driver drug dealer vigilante alienation misanthrophy new york city illegal prostitution loner neo-noir child prostitution new hollywood a mentally unstable vietnam war veteran works as a night-time taxi driver in new york city where the perceived decadence and sleaze feeds his urge for violent action, attempting to save a preadolescent prostitute in the process. on every street in every city, there s a nobody who dreams of being a somebody. taxi driver"
"rumble in the bronx new york martial arts diamond supermarket gang war disabled child gang fish out of water wedding bronx, new york city duringcreditsstinger keong comes from hong kong to visit new york for his uncle s wedding. his uncle runs a market in the bronx and keong offers to help out while uncle is on his honeymoon. during his stay in the bronx, keong befriends a neighbor kid and beats up some neighborhood thugs who cause problems at the market. one of those petty thugs in the local gang stumbles into a criminal situation way over his head. no fear. no stuntman. no equal. 紅番區"
"birdcage, the gay drag queen homophobia florida coming out senator politician lgbt crossdressing a gay cabaret owner and his drag queen companion agree to put up a false straight front so that their son can introduce them to his fiancé s conservative moralistic parents. come as you are. the birdcage"
"brothers mcmullen, the love independent film best friend true love irish catholic deals with the lives of the three irish catholic mcmullen brothers from long island, new york, over three months, as they grapple with basic ideas and values — love, sex, marriage, religion and family — in the 1990s. directed, written, produced by and starring edward burns. sometimes the best friends are the ones you ve known your whole life. the brothers mcmullen"
"bad boys miami detective handcuffs airport mexican standoff strip club witness protection car crash internal affairs police corruption gunfight explosion brutality foot chase car chase drug lord hangar loose cannon bust black cop badge action hero marcus burnett is a hen-pecked family man. mike lowry is a foot-loose and fancy free ladies  man. both are miami policemen, and both have 72 hours to reclaim a consignment of drugs stolen from under their station s nose. to complicate matters, in order to get the assistance of the sole witness to a murder, they have to pretend to be each other. whatcha gonna do? bad boys"
"apollo 13 moon florida nasa spaceman race against time houston based on a true story space rescue survival disaster explosion astronaut imax saturn v rocket courage hypothermia apollo program cape kennedy lunar mission spacecraft accident the true story of technical troubles that scuttle the apollo 13 lunar mission in 1971, risking the lives of astronaut jim lovell and his crew, with the failed journey turning into a thrilling saga of heroism. drifting more than 200,000 miles from earth, the astronauts work furiously with the ground crew to avert tragedy. houston, we have a problem. apollo 13"
"rob roy scotland biography 18th century highlands violent man scottish highlands in the highlands of scotland in the 1700s, rob roy tries to lead his small town to a better future, by borrowing money from the local nobility to buy cattle to herd to market. when the money is stolen, rob is forced into a robin hood lifestyle to defend his family and honour. honor made him a man. courage made him a hero. history made him a legend. rob roy"
"batman forever riddle dc comics rose partner superhero robin broken neck psychologist violence criminal district attorney millionaire super power falling down stairs tied up tommy gun beretta knocked out disfigurement father figure the dark knight of gotham city confronts a dastardly duo: two-face and the riddler. formerly district attorney harvey dent, two-face believes batman caused the courtroom accident which left him disfigured on one side. and edward nygma, computer-genius and former employee of millionaire bruce wayne, is out to get the philanthropist; as the riddler. former circus acrobat dick grayson, his family killed by two-face, becomes wayne s ward and batman s new partner robin. courage now, truth always... batman forever"
"congo gorilla diamond congo diamond mine eight people embark on an expedition into the congo, a mysterious expanse of unexplored africa where human greed and the laws of nature have gone berserk. when the thrill-seekers -- some with ulterior motives -- stumble across a race of killer apes. where you are the endangered species. congo"
"crimson tide submarine mutiny russia missile nuclear missile embassy u.s. navy battle for power torpedo military moral dilemma post cold war aircraft carrier chain of command launch code sonar on a us nuclear missile sub, a young first officer stages a mutiny to prevent his trigger happy captain from launching his missiles before confirming his orders to do so. danger runs deep. crimson tide"
"crumb underground biography art this movie chronicles the life and times of r. crumb. robert crumb is the cartoonist/artist who drew keep on truckin , fritz the cat, and played a major pioneering role in the genesis of underground comix. through interviews with his mother, two brothers, wife, and ex-girlfriends, as well as selections from his vast quantity of graphic art, we are treated to a darkly comic ride through one man s subconscious mind. weird sex · obsession · comic books crumb"
"desperado gunslinger anti terror ambush mexico showdown guitar hitman bartender latinx lead revenge tragic hero shootout mariachi explosion extreme violence brutality drug lord leg brace concealed weapon book store el mariachi, a musician, arrives in a mexican town and is mistaken as a hit-man. he runs into trouble with a local drug lord and seeks to avenge the death of his lover. when the smoke clears, it just means he s reloading. desperado"
"devil in a blue dress based on novel or book war veteran jazz club murder los angeles private detective missing person neo-noir 1940s in late 1940s los angeles, easy rawlins is an unemployed black world war ii veteran with few job prospects. at a bar, easy meets dewitt albright, a mysterious white man looking for someone to investigate the disappearance of a missing white woman named daphne monet, who he suspects is hiding out in one of the city s black jazz clubs. strapped for money and facing house payments, easy takes the job, but soon finds himself in over his head. private detective easy rawlins has been caught on the wrong side of the most dangerous secret in town. devil in a blue dress"
"die hard: with a vengeance bomb taxi riddle robbery detective helicopter gold subway fbi ship fistfight police sequel deception flashback shootout new york city explosion violence car chase simon says dump truck aqueduct action hero federal reserve bank new york detective john mcclane is back and kicking bad-guy butt in the third installment of this action-packed series, which finds him teaming with civilian zeus carver to prevent the loss of innocent lives. mcclane thought he d seen it all, until a genius named simon engages mcclane, his new  partner  -- and his beloved city -- in a deadly game that demands their concentration. think fast. look alive. die hard. die hard: with a vengeance"
"first knight camelot knight king arthur excalibur knights of the round table lancelot the timeless tale of king arthur and the legend of camelot are retold in this passionate period drama. arthur is reluctant to hand the crown to lancelot, and guinevere is torn between her loyalty to her husband and her growing love for his rival. but lancelot must balance his loyalty to the throne with the rewards of true love. their greatest battle would be for her love. first knight"
"hackers hacker computer virus virtual reality computer prank internet cyberpunk hacking teenager new york city secret service dream sequence along with his new friends, a teenager who was arrested by the us secret service and banned from using a computer for writing a computer virus discovers a plot by a nefarious hacker, but they must use their computer skills to find the evidence while being pursued by the secret service and the evil computer genius behind the virus. their crime is curiosity. hackers"
"johnny mnemonic brain dystopia pharmaceutical industry computer chip courier cyber cyberpunk in a dystopian 2021, johnny is a data trafficker who has an implant that allows him to securely store data too sensitive for regular computer networks. on one delivery run, he accepts a package that not only exceeds the implant s safety limits—and will kill him if the data is not removed in time—but also contains information far more important and valuable than he had ever imagined. on a race against time, he must avoid the assassins sent to kill him and remove the data before it, too, ends his life. the hottest data on earth. in the coolest head in town. johnny mnemonic"
"judge dredd judge post-apocalyptic dystopia based on comic police officer based on graphic novel frame up dystopian future framed for murder gene prosthetic limb post holocaust dna testing in a dystopian future, dredd, the most famous judge  a cop with instant field judiciary powers  is convicted for a crime he did not commit while his murderous counterpart escapes. in the future, one man is the law. judge dredd"
"mallrats sex game show slacker shopping mall ex-boyfriend ex-girlfriend relationship jay and silent bob silent man coke bandleader aftercreditsstinger both dumped by their girlfriends, two best friends seek refuge in the local mall. they re not there to shop. they re not there to work. they re just there. mallrats"
"net, the cheating new identity computer virus chase computer stalking angela bennett is a freelance software engineer who lives in a world of computer technology. when a cyber friend asks bennett to debug a new game, she inadvertently becomes involved in a conspiracy that will soon turn her life upside down. while on vacation in mexico, her purse is stolen. she soon finds that people and events may not be what they seem as she becomes the target of an assassination. her vacation is ruined.  she gets a new passport at the u.s. embassy in mexico but it has the wrong name, ruth marx. when she returns to the u.s. to sort things out, she discovers that ruth marx has an unsavory past and a lengthy  police record. to make matters worse, another person has assumed her real identity ... no driver s license, no credit cards, no passport, no access to her bank accounts in a foreign country ... she finds her identity stolen. the net"
"species telepathy dna paranoia transformation genetics instinct femme fatale alien on the run decapitation sexual attraction los angeles scientist cocoon genetic engineering alien dna in 1993, the search for extra terrestrial intelligence project receives a transmission detailing an alien dna structure, along with instructions on how to splice it with human dna. the result is sil, a sensual but deadly creature who can change from a beautiful woman to an armour-plated killing machine in the blink of an eye. our time is up. species"
"strange days pornography prostitute rape police brutality dream ex-girlfriend future bodyguard rapper virtual reality dystopia minidisc police ex-cop murder cyberpunk los angeles violence criminal private detective revolt woman director set in the year 1999 during the last days of the old millennium, the movie tells the story of lenny nero, an ex-cop who now deals with data-discs containing recorded memories and emotions. one day he receives a disc which contains the memories of a murderer killing a prostitute. lenny investigates and is pulled deeper and deeper in a whirl of blackmail, murder and rape. will he survive and solve the case? you know you want it. strange days"
"waterworld diving ocean tattoo sailboat mutant water post-apocalyptic pirate oil tanker environmental disaster reluctant hero in a futuristic world where the polar ice caps have melted and made earth a liquid planet, a beautiful barmaid rescues a mutant seafarer from a floating island prison. they escape, along with her young charge, enola, and sail off aboard his ship. beyond the horizon lies the secret to a new beginning. waterworld"
"billy madison woman director billy madison is the 27 year-old son of bryan madison, a very rich man who has made his living in the hotel industry. billy stands to inherit his father s empire but only if he can make it through all 12 grades, 2 weeks per grade, to prove that he has what it takes to run the family business. billy is going back to school... way back. billy madison"
"circle of friends college forbidden love moral conflict childhood friends three girlhood friends now at college share first loves, first kisses and first betrayals. at the center of it all is the best-looking boy on campus. can a self-conscious dreamer hook the biggest fish in the pond? for everyone who ever thought the person they loved was out of their reach circle of friends"
"clerks salesclerk loser male friendship work junk food monologue black and white cult film convenience store aftercreditsstinger convenience and video store clerks dante and randal are sharp-witted, potty-mouthed and bored out of their minds. so in between needling customers, the counter jockeys play hockey on the roof, visit a funeral home and deal with their love lives. just because they serve you doesn t mean they like you. clerks"
"don juan demarco sex addiction love mental institution patient psychiatrist don juan john arnold demarco is a man who believes he is don juan, the greatest lover in the world. clad in a cape and mask, demarco undergoes psychiatric treatment with dr. jack mickler to cure him of his apparent delusion. but the psychiatric sessions have an unexpected effect on the psychiatric staff and, most profoundly, dr mickler, who rekindles the romance in his complacent marriage. the story of the man who thought he was the greatest lover in the world... and the people who tried to cure him of it! don juan demarco"
"dolores claiborne child abuse detective based on novel or book depression bar island suspicion of murder lawsuit alcoholism murder maine dysfunctional family domestic violence reporter maid anger alcoholic father accident abusive father abusive husband anti-depressant bank account dolores claiborne was accused of killing her abusive husband twenty years ago, but the court s findings were inconclusive and she was allowed to walk free. now she has been accused of killing her employer, vera donovan, and this time there is a witness who can place her at the scene of the crime. things look bad for dolores when her daughter selena, a successful manhattan magazine writer, returns to cover the story. sometimes, an accident can be an unhappy woman s best friend. dolores claiborne"
"dumb & dumber gas station motel utah stupidity pill prank cigar smoking violence criminal fired from the job clumsiness stepparent stepchild relationship aspen colorado parakeet defecation scooter hotel suite endangered species foolish laxative lloyd and harry are two men whose stupidity is really indescribable. when mary, a beautiful woman, loses an important suitcase with money before she leaves for aspen, the two friends  who have found the suitcase  decide to return it to her. after some  adventures  they finally get to aspen where, using the lost money they live it up and fight for mary s heart. what the one doesn t have, the other is missing. dumb and dumber"
"eat drink man woman cooking sense of life daughter dating family the film tells the story of a retired and widowed chinese master chef chu  si hung lung  and his family living in modern day taipei, taiwan. at the start of the film, he lives with his three attractive daughters, all of whom are unattached. as the film progresses, each of the daughters encounters new men in their lives. when these new relationships blossom, the stereotypes are broken and the living situation within the family changes.. the film features several scenes displaying the techniques and artistry of gourmet chinese cooking. since the family members have difficulty expressing their love for each other, the intricate preparation of banquet quality dishes for their sunday dinners is the surrogate for their familial feelings.  飲食男女"
"ed wood individual taxi transsexuality transvestite fortune teller movie business boxer oddball celebrity morphine los angeles suburb drug addict cult director theremin handgun trick or treating actor the mostly true story of the legendary  worst director of all time , who, with the help of his strange friends, filmed countless b-movies without ever becoming famous or successful. when it came to making bad movies, ed wood was the best. ed wood"
french kiss paris france airport in love with enemy canadian necklace fear of flying deal vineyard smuggling the plot involves a couple in love and one woman’s attempt to fly to paris to get her lover back from a business trip and marry him. on the way she unknowingly smuggles something of value that has a petty thief chasing her across france as she chases after her future husband.  french kiss
"hoop dreams chicago sports team ghetto narration college sport basketball high school sports inner city high school student every school day, african-american teenagers william gates and arthur agee travel 90 minutes each way from inner-city chicago to st. joseph high school in westchester, illinois, a predominately white suburban school well-known for the excellence of its basketball program. gates and agee dream of nba stardom, and with the support of their close-knit families, they battle the social and physical obstacles that stand in their way. this acclaimed documentary was shot over the course of five years. an extraordinary true story. hoop dreams"
"heavenly creatures mother sex secret obsession literature passion christchurch love friends murder true relationship 1950s inspired by true events wealthy and precocious teenager juliet transfers from england to new zealand with her family, and soon befriends the quiet, brooding pauline through their shared love of fantasy and literature. when their parents begin to suspect that their increasingly intense and obsessive bond is becoming unhealthy, the girls hatch a dark plan for those who threaten to keep them apart. not all angels are innocent. heavenly creatures"
i.q. wedding vows mathematician car mechanic comet albert einstein halley s comet albert einstein helps a young man who s in love with einstein s niece to catch her attention by pretending temporarily to be a great physicist. think love. i.q.
"interview with the vampire paris france san francisco based on novel or book new orleans vampire louisiana plantation pity bite gothic horror 18th century plague 19th century anne rice a vampire relates his epic life story of love, betrayal, loneliness, and dark hunger to an over-curious reporter. drink from me and live forever interview with the vampire"
"star wars: episode iv - a new hope android galaxy hermit death star lightsaber jedi rescue mission empire rebellion planet smuggler the force space opera galactic war stormtrooper totalitarianism princess leia is captured and held hostage by the evil imperial forces in their effort to take over the galactic empire. venturesome luke skywalker and dashing captain han solo team together with the loveable robot duo r2-d2 and c-3po to rescue the beautiful princess and restore peace and justice in the empire. a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away... star wars"
"like water for chocolate  como agua para chocolate  sibling relationship chocolate jealousy cooking mexican revolution marriage wedding single mother magic realism tita is passionately in love with pedro, but her controlling mother forbids her from marrying him. when pedro marries her sister, tita throws herself into her cooking and discovers she can transfer her emotions through the food she prepares, infecting all who eat it with her intense heartbreak. in tita s kitchen, ordinary spices become a recipe for passion. como agua para chocolate"
"legends of the fall sibling relationship montana based on novel or book world war i journey round the world early 1900s an epic tale of three brothers and their father living in the remote wilderness of 1900s usa and how their lives are affected by nature, history, war, and love. after the fall from innocence the legend begins. legends of the fall"
"madness of king george, the queen kingdom biography parliament psychopath based on a true story based on play or musical king mental illness 18th century british monarchy king george iii king george iii s erratic behaviour leads to a plot in parliament to have him declared insane and removed from the throne.  the madness of king george"
natural born killers sadistic journalist mass murder yellow press trauma daughter satire controversy controversial violence cult film young couple abuse two victims of traumatized childhoods become lovers and psychopathic serial murderers irresponsibly glorified by the mass media. the media made them superstars. natural born killers
"outbreak river general research army serum monkey epidemic medical research a deadly airborne virus finds its way into the usa and starts killing off people at an epidemic rate. col sam daniels  job is to stop the virus spreading from a small town, which must be quarantined, and to prevent an over reaction by the white house. this animal carries a deadly virus... and the greatest medical crisis in the world is about to happen. outbreak"
"professional, the  a.k.a. leon: the professional  new york corruption loss of loved one assassin police brutality s.w.a.t. immigrant hitman training revenge murder loneliness neighbor tragic love cult film neo-noir complex relationship léon, the top hit man in new york, has earned a rep as an effective  cleaner . but when his next-door neighbors are wiped out by a loose-cannon dea agent, he becomes the unwilling custodian of 12-year-old mathilda. before long, mathilda s thoughts turn to revenge, and she considers following in léon s footsteps. if you want a job done well, hire a professional. léon"
"pulp fiction transporter drug dealer boxer massage stolen money crime boss dance competition junkyard kamikaze briefcase redemption heirloom los angeles theft violence nonlinear timeline shared universe a burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner, a drug-addled gangster s moll and a washed-up boxer converge in this sprawling, comedic crime caper. their adventures unfurl in three stories that ingeniously trip back and forth in time. just because you are a character doesn t mean you have character. pulp fiction"
quiz show television manipulation manipulation of the media product placement game show investigation tv ratings quiz show fragen based on a true story lawyer 1950s quiz show is a 1994 american historical drama film which tells the true story of the twenty one quiz show scandal of the 1950s. fifty million people watched but no one saw a thing. quiz show
"quick and the dead, the gunslinger revenge prairie shootout pistol a mysterious woman comes to compete in a quick-draw elimination tournament, in a town taken over by a notorious gunman. think you are quick enough? the quick and the dead"
"three colors: red judge isolation mannequin shadowing english channel geneva travel dog part-time model valentine meets a retired judge who lives in her neighborhood after she runs over his dog. at first the judge gifts valentine with the dog, but her possessive boyfriend won t allow her to keep it. when she returns with the dog to the judge s house, she discovers him listening in on his neighbors  phone conversations. at first valentine is outraged, but her debates with the judge over his behavior soon leads them to form a strange bond.  trois couleurs : rouge"
"stargate egypt pyramid space travel teleportation uprising space shot to death androgyny space western timebomb death of son nuclear weapons invented language hieroglyph egyptian mythology egyptology an interstellar teleportation device, found in egypt, leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient egyptians who worship the god ra. it will take you a million light years from home. but will it bring you back? stargate"
"santa clause, the holiday christmas party santa claus deal christmas tree christmas scott calvin is an ordinary man, who accidentally causes santa claus to fall from his roof on christmas eve and is knocked unconscious. when he and his young son finish santa s trip and deliveries, they go to the north pole, where scott learns he must become the new santa and convince those he loves that he is indeed, father christmas. what if your dad was santa claus? the santa clause"
"shawshank redemption, the prison corruption police brutality prison cell delinquent parole board prison escape wrongful imprisonment framed for murder 1940s framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker andy dufresne begins a new life at the shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. during his long stretch in prison, dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. fear can hold you prisoner. hope can set you free. the shawshank redemption"
"tank girl destroy dystopia reincarnation desert cult film artial arts woman director based on the british cult comic-strip, our tank-riding anti-heroine fights a mega-corporation, which controls the world s water supply. in 2033, justice rides a tank and wears lip gloss. tank girl"
star trek: generations loss of loved one android based on tv series death exploding planet mountain cabin solar system cosmos spanning generations spaceship crash captain jean-luc picard and the crew of the enterprise-d find themselves at odds with the renegade scientist soran who is destroying entire star systems. only one man can help picard stop soran s scheme...and he s been dead for seventy-eight years. boldly go. star trek: generations
"tommy boy  party animal tommy callahan is a few cans short of a six-pack. but when the family business starts tanking, it s up to tommy and number-cruncher richard hayden to save the day. if at first you don t succeed, lower your standards. tommy boy"
"what s eating gilbert grape sibling relationship mentally disabled based on novel or book iowa widow obesity dysfunctional family single mother grocery store mentally handicapped child gilbert has to care for his brother arnie and his obese mother, which gets in the way when love walks into his life. life is a terrible thing to sleep through. what s eating gilbert grape"
"while you were sleeping sibling relationship chicago coma subway love of one s life brother man of one s dreams hospital a transit worker pulls commuter peter off railway tracks after he s mugged, but—while he s in a coma—his family mistakenly thinks she s peter s fiancée, and she doesn t correct them. things get more complicated when she falls for his brother, who s not quite sure that she s who she claims to be. a story about love at second sight. while you were sleeping"
"muriel s wedding individual becoming an adult dream return love of one s life overweight province bathing olympic games empowerment boredom daughter friendship abba a young social outcast in australia steals money from her parents to finance a vacation where she hopes to find happiness, and perhaps love. success is the best revenge. muriel s wedding"
"ace ventura: pet detective usa miami dolphin mascot private detective goofy pets he s ace ventura: pet detective. jim carrey is on the case to find the miami dolphins  missing mascot and quarterback dan marino. he goes eyeball to eyeball with a man-eating shark, stakes out the miami dolphins and woos and wows the ladies. whether he s undercover, under fire or underwater, he always gets his man… or beast! he s the best there is!  actually, he s the only one there is.  ace ventura: pet detective"
"adventures of priscilla, queen of the desert, the gay drag queen homophobia musical van australia transgender cult film australian aborigine australian outback alice springs two drag-queens and a transsexual contract to perform a drag show at a resort in alice springs, and head west from sydney aboard their lavender bus, named  priscilla . en route, they discover that the woman they ve contracted with is the wife of one of the drag queens. their bus breaks down, and is repaired by bob, who then travels on with them. she s back... looking as gorgeous and outrageous as ever in a brand new frock. the adventures of priscilla, queen of the desert"
"bullets over broadway lover  female  talent mafia boss author playwright new york city broadway 1920s compulsive eating bad acting set in 1920s new york city, this movie tells the story of idealistic young playwright david shayne. producer julian marx finally finds funding for the project from gangster nick valenti. the catch is that nick s girl friend olive neal gets the part of a psychiatrist, and olive is a bimbo who could never pass for a psychiatrist as well as being a dreadful actress. agreeing to this first compromise is the first step to broadway s complete seduction of david, who neglects longtime girl friend ellen. meanwhile david puts up with warner purcell, the leading man who is a compulsive eater, helen sinclair, the grand dame who wants her part jazzed up, and cheech, olive s interfering hitman / bodyguard. eventually, the playwright must decide whether art or life is more important.  bullets over broadway"
clear and present danger assassination spy ambush cia helicopter based on novel or book usa president sniper fbi colombia drug traffic bomber mission of murder mercenary insurgence coast guard spying war car bomb drug cartel conspiracy shootout infantry violence jack ryan political cover-up cia analyst jack ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the us government against a colombian drug cartel. the war of drugs would lead him to the war of power. clear and present danger
"client, the suicide sibling relationship gangster witness protection principal witness  brother investigation search for witnesses lawyer legal thriller a street-wise kid, mark sway, sees the suicide of jerome clifford, a prominent louisiana lawyer, whose current client is barry  the blade  muldano, a mafia hit-man. before jerome shoots himself, he tells mark where the body of a senator is buried. clifford shoots himself and mark is found at the scene, and both the fbi and the mafia quickly realize that mark probably knows more than he says. a district attorney out for a conviction. a new lawyer out of her league. a young boy who knew too much. the client"
"crow, the halloween superhero based on comic arson detroit cult film exactly one year after young rock guitarist eric draven and his fiancée are brutally killed by a ruthless gang of criminals, draven -- watched over by a hypnotic crow -- returns from the grave to exact revenge. believe in angels. the crow"
"forrest gump vietnam veteran hippie washington d.c. mentally disabled based on novel or book parent child relationship vietnam war friendship love family relationships military wounded soldier low iq false history a man with a low iq has accomplished great things in his life and been present during significant historic events—in each case, far exceeding what anyone imagined he could do. but despite all he has achieved, his one true love eludes him. life is like a box of chocolates...you never know what you re gonna get. forrest gump"
four weddings and a funeral upper class england love at first sight wedding vows marriage proposal yuppie love of one s life lone wolf snob witness bride bridegroom bridesmaid funeral clumsy fellow marriage friendship british unrequited love fear of commitment wedding thirty something group of friends best man rich man american girl gay couple commitment issues charles and carrie go through numerous weddings in order to determine if they are right for one another. five good reasons to stay single. four weddings and a funeral
"lion king, the  leo is the lion king of the jungle, but unfortunately he doesn t know well what a king s job is. he believes it is his right to do as he pleases, even if it means disrupting the peace of others or being plain rude to them, as a king, leo thinks everyone should look out for his well-being and comfort. one day, leo meets a lion cub named tooey whose mother has been recently taken away and who comes to leo for help, being as selfish as he is, leo turns the young lion away. however, after several different adventures, leo learns what his place as a king is and how he must behave and treat the creatures who have almost lost all faith in him. leo rallies the jungle animals to the rescue, and in the epilogue, the narrator michael donovan says that leo asked tooey s mother to be his queen, and the cub himself grew into a strong young lion, now called leo ii and one day he would be the jungle king. a heartwarming musical adventure for the whole family. leo the lion: king of the jungle"
"mask, the dual identity bank mockery green balloon jail cell norse mythology when timid bank clerk stanley ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the norse god loki, his entire life changes. while wearing the mask, ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer tina carlyle. unfortunately, under the mask s influence, ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord dorian tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist. from zero to hero. the mask"
"maverick poker mississippi saloon ship native american on the run based on tv series steamboat attempted robbery cowboy and outlaw maverick is a gambler who would rather con someone than fight them. he needs an additional three thousand dollars in order to enter a winner take all poker game that begins in a few days. he tries to win some, tries to collect a few debts, and recover a little loot for the reward. he joins forces with a woman gambler with a marvelous southern accent as the two both try and enter the game. in their hands, a deck of cards was the only thing more dangerous than a gun. maverick"
"naked gun 33 1/3: the final insult undercover spoof state prison academy awards frank drebin is persuaded out of retirement to go undercover in a state prison. there he is to find out what top terrorist, rocco, has planned for when he escapes. frank s wife, jane, is desperate for a baby.. this adds to frank s problems. a host of celebrities at the academy awards ceremony are humiliated by frank as he blunders his way trying to foil rocco. a mad bomber is on the loose, and if anyone can stop him....so can frank! naked gun 33⅓: the final insult"
"reality bites roommate yuppie generations conflict camcorder cohabitant cabriolet fictional tv show unemployed a small circle of friends suffering from post-collegiate blues must confront the hard truth about life, love and the pursuit of gainful employment. as they struggle to map out survival guides for the future, the gen-x quartet soon begins to realize that reality isn t all it s cracked up to be. a comedy about love in the  90s reality bites"
"river wild, the nature documentary take a relaxing trip from the headwaters of rocky mountain national park to mexico s gulf of california as actor joseph campanella follows the colorado river down its winding path. the classical sounds of music s greatest composers provides a soothing backdrop to the wondrous vistas and breathtaking landscapes, leaving the viewer both enlightened and calmed as the camera explores fast-moving rapids and serine stretches of natural wonder.  wild river: the colorado"
"speed bomb airport bus bus ride highway bomb planting los angeles swat cop jack traven is up against bomb expert howard payne, who s after major ransom money. first it s a rigged elevator in a very tall building. then it s a rigged bus--if it slows, it will blow, bad enough any day, but a nightmare in la traffic. and that s still not the end. get ready for rush hour speed"
"timecop martial arts time travel alternative reality an officer for a security agency that regulates time travel, must fend for his life against a shady politician who has a tie to his past. they killed his wife ten years ago. there s still time to save her. murder is forever… until now. timecop"
"true lies spy terrorist florida gun kidnapping horseback riding florida keys secret agent terrorist plot top secret truth serum mushroom cloud jackhammer special agent key west a fearless, globe-trotting, terrorist-battling secret agent has his life turned upside down when he discovers his wife might be having an affair with a used car salesman while terrorists smuggle nuclear war heads into the united states. when he said i do, he never said what he did. true lies"
"addams family values sibling relationship jealousy baby butler yuppie nanny summer camp guillotine uncle siblings wednesday and pugsley addams will stop at nothing to get rid of pubert, the new baby boy adored by parents gomez and morticia. things go from bad to worse when the new  black widow  nanny, debbie jellinsky, launches her plan to add fester to her collection of dead husbands. the family just got a little stranger addams family values"
"beverly hills cop iii detective undercover carousel  investigation weapon sequel rescue counterfeit shootout dirty cop gunfight los angeles explosion violence foot chase framed car chase secret service amusement park roller coaster beverly hills buddy comedy back in sunny southern california and on the trail of two murderers, axel foley again teams up with la cop billy rosewood. soon, they discover that an amusement park is being used as a front for a massive counterfeiting ring – and it s run by the same gang that shot billy s boss.  beverly hills cop iii"
"carlito s way prison 1970s puerto rican release from prison criminal past love night club violence drugs disco neo-noir a puerto-rican ex-con, just released from prison, pledges to stay away from drugs and violence despite the pressure around him, and lead a better life outside nyc. he’s got a good future if he can live past next week. carlito s way"
"city slickers ii: the legend of curly s gold nevada gold birthday treasure hunt gold bar friendship bracelet cowboy on mitch robbins 40th birthday begins quite well until he returns home and finds his brother glen, the black sheep of the family, in his sofa. nevertheless he is about to have a wonderful birthday-night with his wife when he discovers a treasure map of curly by chance. together with phil and unfortunately with glen he tries to find the hidden gold of curly s father in the desert of arizona. they re back in the saddle! city slickers ii: the legend of curly s gold"
"cliffhanger mountain rocky mountains airplane hijacking suitcase climbing heist money snow mountain climbing a year after losing his friend in a tragic 4,000-foot fall, former ranger gabe walker and his partner, hal, are called to return to the same peak to rescue a group of stranded climbers, only to learn the climbers are actually thieving hijackers who are looking for boxes full of money. the height of adventure. cliffhanger"
"coneheads extraterrestrial technology alien life-form space invasion with enormous cone-shaped heads, robotlike walks and an appetite for toilet paper, aliens beldar and prymatt don t exactly blend in with the population of paramus, n.j. but for some reason, everyone believes them when they say they re from france. young ones! parental units! we summon you! coneheads"
"dave coma the white house usa president apoplectic stroke doppelgänger bill mitchell is the philandering and distant president of the united states. dave kovic is a sweet-natured and caring temp agency operator, who by a staggering coincidence looks exactly like the president. as such, when mitchell wants to escape an official luncheon, the secret service hires dave to stand in for him. unfortunately, mitchell suffers a severe stroke whilst having sex with one of his aides, and dave finds himself stuck in the role indefinitely. the corrupt and manipulative chief of staff, bob alexander, plans to use dave to elevate himself to the white house - but unfortunately, he doesn t count on dave enjoying himself in office, using his luck to make the country a better place, and falling in love with the beautiful first lady... in a country where anybody can become president, anybody just did. dave"
"dazed and confused 1970s texas high school coming of age summer teenager period drama the adventures of a group of texas teens on their last day of school in 1976, centering on student randall floyd, who moves easily among stoners, jocks and geeks. floyd is a star athlete, but he also likes smoking weed, which presents a conundrum when his football coach demands he sign a  no drugs  pledge. see it with a bud. dazed and confused"
"demolition man helicopter martial arts crime fighter social control museum future cryogenics utopia dystopia fistfight police psychopath prison escape betrayal shootout cyberpunk explosion violence foot chase car chase warden subterranean censorship culture shock knitting simon phoenix, a violent criminal cryogenically frozen in 1996, escapes during a parole hearing in 2032 in the utopia of san angeles. police are incapable of dealing with his violent ways and turn to his captor, who had also been cryogenically frozen after being wrongfully accused of killing 30 innocent people while apprehending phoenix. the 21st century s most dangerous cop. the 21st century s most ruthless criminal. demolition man"
"firm, the fbi law tennessee lawyer law firm bar exam legal thriller mitch mcdeere is a young man with a promising future in law. about to sit his bar exam, he is approached by  the firm  and made an offer he doesn t refuse. seduced by the money and gifts showered on him, he is totally oblivious to the more sinister side of his company. then, two associates are murdered. the fbi contact him, asking him for information and suddenly his life is ruined. he has a choice - work with the fbi, or stay with the firm. either way he will lose his life as he knows it. mitch figures the only way out is to follow his own plan... power can be murder to resist. the firm"
"fugitive, the chicago surgeon death sentence doomed man chase remake flashback betrayal on the run escape fugitive based on tv series u.s. marshal police corruption doctor home invasion disguise one armed man framed for murder manhunt wrongfully accused of murdering his wife, richard kimble escapes from the law in an attempt to find her killer and clear his name. pursuing him is a team of u.s. marshals led by deputy samuel gerard, a determined detective who will not rest until richard is captured. as richard leads the team through a series of intricate chases, he discovers the secrets behind his wife s death and struggles to expose the killer before it is too late. a murdered wife. a one-armed man. an obsessed detective. the chase begins. the fugitive"
"hot shots! part deux swordplay secret agent liberation of hostage saddam hussein parody rescue iraq war near east topper harley is found to be working as an odd-job-man in a monastery. the cia want him to lead a rescue mission into iraq, to rescue the last rescue team, who went in to rescue the last rescue team who... who went in to rescue hostages left behind after desert storm. just deux it. hot shots! part deux"
"englishman who went up a hill, but came down a mountain, the wales world war i village cartographer when an english cartographer arrives in wales to tell the residents of the welsh village of ffynnon garw  that their  mountain  is only a hill, the offended community sets out to remedy the situation. a romantic comedy about a man, a woman, and the mountain that brought them together the englishman who went up a hill but came down a mountain"
"hudsucker proxy, the suicide new york corruption journalist inventor undercover toy plan boss investigation company industry party money board stocks 1950s hula hoop a naive business graduate is installed as president of a manufacturing company as part of a stock scam. they took him for a fall guy... but he threw them for a hoop. the hudsucker proxy"
"in the line of fire cia assassin running the white house usa president bodyguard stalking election apartment secret service secret service agent veteran secret service agent frank horrigan is a man haunted by his failure to save president kennedy while serving protection detail in dallas. thirty years later, a man calling himself  booth  threatens the life of the current president, forcing horrigan to come back to protection detail to confront the ghosts from his past. an assassin on the loose. a president in danger. only one man stands between them... in the line of fire"
"jurassic park exotic island dna paleontology tyrannosaurus rex triceratops brontosaurus electric fence island dinosaur amusement park theme park jurassic park a wealthy entrepreneur secretly creates a theme park featuring living dinosaurs drawn from prehistoric dna. before opening day, he invites a team of experts and his two eager grandchildren to experience the park and help calm anxious investors. however, the park is anything but amusing as the security systems go off-line and the dinosaurs escape. an adventure 65 million years in the making. jurassic park"
"last action hero magic film in film spoof magical object cartoon cat ticket self-referential projectionist child s point of view danny is obsessed with a fictional movie character action hero jack slater. when a magical ticket transports him into jack s latest adventure, danny finds himself in a world where movie magic and reality collide. now it s up to danny to save the life of his hero and new friend. this isn t the movies anymore. last action hero"
"manhattan murder mystery investigation dark comedy neighbor manhattan, new york city a middle-aged couple suspects foul play when their neighbor s wife suddenly drops dead. keaton & allen reunited for fun flick! manhattan murder mystery"
"executive decision bomb ransom hostage airplane hijacking terror cell special unit deception flashback rescue covert operation disaster shootout terrorism explosion violence surveillance night vision goggles flight attendant intelligence agent hand to hand combat nerve gas terrorists hijack a 747 inbound to washington d.c., demanding the the release of their imprisoned leader. intelligence expert david grant  kurt russell  suspects another reason and he is soon the reluctant member of a special assault team that is assigned to intercept the plane and hijackers. fasten your seat belts executive decision"
"much ado about nothing william shakespeare bachelor new love rage and hate lover based on play or musical wedding intrigue in this shakespearean farce, hero and her groom-to-be, claudio, team up with claudio s commanding officer, don pedro, the week before their wedding to hatch a matchmaking scheme. their targets are sharp-witted duo benedick and beatrice -- a tough task indeed, considering their corresponding distaste for love and each other. meanwhile, meddling don john plots to ruin the wedding. romance. mischief. seduction. revenge. remarkable. much ado about nothing"
"mrs. doubtfire san francisco parent child relationship restaurant nanny social worker mask custody battle responsibility fake identity voice acting divorced couple loving but irresponsible dad daniel hillard, estranged from his exasperated spouse, is crushed by a court order allowing only weekly visits with his kids. when daniel learns his ex needs a housekeeper, he gets the job -- disguised as an english nanny. soon he becomes not only his children s best pal but the kind of parent he should have been from the start. she makes dinner. she does windows. she reads bedtime stories. she s a blessing... in disguise. mrs. doubtfire"
philadelphia gay philadelphia aids pennsylvania homophobia jurors court lawsuit partner hiv lawyer dying discrimination judiciary 1980s two competing lawyers join forces to sue a prestigious law firm for aids discrimination. as their unlikely friendship develops their courage overcomes the prejudice and corruption of their powerful adversaries. no one would take on his case... until one man was willing to take on the system. philadelphia
"piano, the love triangle adultery sexuality jealousy beach culture clash isolation strangeness violent husband new zealand maori arranged marriage settler wilderness secret love mute playing piano woman director sign languages piano 19th century severed finger mother daughter relationship after a long voyage from scotland, pianist ada mcgrath and her young daughter, flora, are left with all their belongings, including a piano, on a new zealand beach. ada, who has been mute since childhood, has been sold into marriage to a local man named alisdair stewart. making little attempt to warm up to alisdair, ada soon becomes intrigued by his maori-friendly acquaintance, george baines, leading to tense, life-altering conflicts.  the piano"
"ref, the holiday robbery parent child relationship burglar christmas party hostage blackmail santa claus bad mother-in-law mother-in-law liberation of hostage police thief dysfunctional family dark comedy man hunt dinner alcoholic christmas marriage counseling caroline and lloyd are a married couple constantly at each other s throats, masters at crafting acid-tongued barbs at the other s expense. indeed, they are so obsessed with belittling each other that they never stop -- not even at gunpoint. the gunman is gus, a thief on the run from the police, who kidnaps the couple as an insurance policy, planning to use their home as a hideout. but their incessant bickering proves more than gus bargained for, forcing him -- for the sake of his own sanity -- into the unenviable role of peacemaker. to make things even worse for gus, he discovers that he has taken the couple hostage the night of their big christmas party, and the guests are already on the way. not wanting to leave lloyd and caroline unattended, gus opts to attend the party, pretending to be the couple s marriage counselor. this naturally leads to a series of comic confusions, as the hostage crisis and marital tensions head towards their inevitable conclusion. they might be his hostages but what they re doing to this guy is criminal. the ref"
"remains of the day, the newspaper butler country house loyalty flower nazi jewish britain housekeeper employer told in flashback 1950s 1930s a rule bound head butler s world of manners and decorum in the household he maintains is tested by the arrival of a housekeeper who falls in love with him in post-wwi britain. the possibility of romance and his master s cultivation of ties with the nazi cause challenge his carefully maintained veneer of servitude. diamond in the rough the remains of the day"
"rising sun japan usa corruption detective journalist based on novel or book restaurant wheelchair parking garage company police party murder whodunit seppuku bulletproof vest when a prostitute is found dead in a los angeles skyscraper occupied by a large japanese corporation, detectives john conner and web smith are called in to investigate. although conner has previous experience working in japan, cultural differences make their progress difficult until a security disc showing the murder turns up. close scrutiny proves the disc has been doctored, and the detectives realize they re dealing with a cover-up as well. a collision of east and west. a conspiracy of seduction and murder. a battle between tradition and power. business is war. rising sun"
"robin hood: men in tights witch tree house robin hood forest taxes thief parody arrow spoof tournament robin hood comes home after fighting in the crusades to learn that the noble king richard is in exile and that the despotic king john now rules england, with the help of the sheriff of rottingham. robin hood assembles a band of fellow patriots to do battle with king john and the sheriff. the legend had it coming... robin hood: men in tights"
"rudy american football biography sport family relationships aspiration rudy grew up in a steel mill town where most people ended up working, but wanted to play football at notre dame instead. there were only a couple of problems. his grades were a little low, his athletic skills were poor, and he was only half the size of the other players. but he had the drive and the spirit of 5 people and has set his sights upon joining the team. it s not the size of the dog in the fight, it s the size of the fight in the dog. rudy"
"schindler s list based on novel or book factory concentration camp hero holocaust world war ii ghetto jew persecution krakow auschwitz industrialist jew nazi defense industry biography based on a true story train poland ss weapons manufacturer the true story of how businessman oskar schindler saved over a thousand jewish lives from the nazis while they worked as slaves in his factory during world war ii. whoever saves one life, saves the world entire. schindler s list"
searching for bobby fischer chess hustler child prodigy new york city a prepubescent chess prodigy refuses to harden himself in order to become a champion like the famous but unlikable bobby fischer. every journey begins with a single move. searching for bobby fischer
"secret garden, the based on novel or book servant secret garden uncle yorkshire independent film little girl orphan india girl imagination woman director old mansion fantasy life english garden a young british girl born and reared in india loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. she is returned to england to live at her uncle s castle. her uncle is very distant due to the loss of his wife ten years before. neglected once again, she begins exploring the estate and discovers a garden that has been locked and neglected. aided by one of the servants  boys, she begins restoring the garden, and eventually discovers some other secrets of the manor. the timeless tale of a special place where magic, hope and love grow. the secret garden"
"serial mom harassment housewife protection court motherly love evil mother murder serial killer infamy perfectionist perfection a picture perfect middle class family is shocked when they find out that one of their neighbors is receiving obscene phone calls. the mom takes slights against her family very personally, and it turns out she is indeed the one harassing the neighbor. as other slights befall her beloved family, the body count begins to increase. every mom wants to be wanted, but not for murder! serial mom"
"sleepless in seattle loss of loved one lovesickness journalist parent child relationship radio station christmas party love of one s life radio seattle baltimore fiancé radio presenter airplane radio transmission observation deck friendship unsociability woman director a young boy who tries to set his dad up on a date after the death of his mother. he calls into a radio station to talk about his dad s loneliness which soon leads the dad into meeting a journalist, annie who flies to seattle, to write a story about the boy and his dad. yet annie ends up with more than just a story in this popular romantic comedy. what if someone you never met, someone you never saw, someone you never knew was the only someone for you? sleepless in seattle"
"blade runner artificial intelligence bounty hunter android based on novel or book dystopia genetics futuristic fugitive cyberpunk los angeles cult film tech noir neo-noir philip k. dick in the smog-choked dystopian los angeles of 2019, blade runner rick deckard is called out of retirement to terminate a quartet of replicants who have escaped to earth seeking their creator for a way to extend their short life spans. man has made his match... now it s his problem. blade runner"
"so i married an axe murderer scotland butcher sister murder ax murder just after a bad breakup, charlie mackenzie falls for lovely butcher harriet michaels and introduces her to his parents. but, as voracious consumers of sensational tabloids, his parents soon come to suspect that harriet is actually a notorious serial killer --  mrs. x  -- wanted in connection with a string of bizarre honeymoon killings. thinking his parents foolish, charlie proposes to harriet. but while on his honeymoon with her, he begins to fear they were right. the honeymoon was killer. so i married an axe murderer"
"super mario bros. saving the world sibling relationship plumber royalty dinosaur based on video game woman director multiple dimensions mario and luigi, plumbers from brooklyn, find themselves in an alternate universe where evolved dinosaurs live in hi-tech squalor. they re the only hope to save our universe from invasion by the dino dictator, koopa. this ain t no game. super mario bros."
"nightmare before christmas, the  a beautiful animation for the original idea of the nightmare before christmas!!! narrated by christopher lee.  the nightmare before christmas: the original poem"
"three musketeers, the anime aramis fell off her horse and received the aid of a man named francois. they fell in love with each other at first sight and spent their time happily for a while. francois was killed by manson and the ironmask s people, so aramis swore revenge. then she went to paris to be a musketeer. 1 year after the end of tv series, d artagnan had a drink with 3 musketeers and found that jussac and the cardinal s guards harrassed a woman in a tavern in paris. of couse, they fought jussac and the cardinal s guards and won. on his way to home, d artagnan witnessed the woman whom he rescued from jussac about to jump into the river, and rescued her again. d artagnan brought her to home but she disappeared soon. after a day, d artagnan heard that the woman was killed last night and rochefort and cardinal s guards arrested him for murder because his hat was found by the woman s body. aramis discovers that the story has a link with catherine de médicis, and launches out an investigation.  the three musketeers: aramis the adventure"
"tombstone saloon arizona retirement wyatt earp right and justice historical figure doc holliday gambler tuberculosis gunfighter tombstone arizona 19th century ok corral legendary marshal wyatt earp, now a weary gunfighter, joins his brothers morgan and virgil to pursue their collective fortune in the thriving mining town of tombstone. but earp is forced to don a badge again and get help from his notorious pal doc holliday when a gang of renegade brigands and rustlers begins terrorizing the town. justice is coming. tombstone"
"true romance loss of loved one movie business parent child relationship mexican standoff cocaine love mafia los angeles drugs illegal prostitution gun violence neo-noir clarence marries hooker alabama, steals cocaine from her pimp, and tries to sell it in hollywood, while the owners of the coke try to reclaim it. stealing, cheating, killing. who said romance was dead? true romance"
welcome to the dollhouse sibling relationship new jersey parent child relationship mockery ugliness dark comedy coming of age little girl school life suburbs an unattractive 7th grader struggles to cope with suburban life as the middle child with un-attentive parents and bullies at school. not all girls want to play with dolls. welcome to the dollhouse
"brady bunch movie, the supermarket house based on tv series woman director the original  70s tv family is now placed in the 1990s, where they re even more square and out of place than ever. they re back to save america from the  90s. the brady bunch movie"
"home alone holiday burglar little boy home invasion precocious child booby trap home alone suburban chicago mischievous child christmas kids on their own child rescue eight-year-old kevin mccallister makes the most of the situation after his family unwittingly leaves him behind when they go on christmas vacation. but when a pair of bungling burglars set their sights on kevin s house, the plucky kid stands ready to defend his territory. by planting booby traps galore, adorably mischievous kevin stands his ground as his frantic mother attempts to race home before christmas day. a family comedy without the family. home alone"
"ghost corruption fortune teller money transfer money laundering pottery afterlife spiritism sam wheat is a banker, molly jensen is an artist, and the two are madly in love. however, when sam is murdered by his friend and corrupt business partner carl bruner over a shady business deal, he is left to roam the earth as a powerless spirit. when he learns of carl s betrayal, sam must seek the help of psychic oda mae brown to set things right and protect molly from carl and his goons. a love that will last forever. ghost"
aladdin  a young man s life is turned around with the help of a genie inside a lamp.  aladdin
"terminator 2: judgment day cyborg shotgun post-apocalyptic dystopia moral ambiguity mental institution violence fictional war morphing nuclear weapons shape shifter savior catch phrase nearly 10 years have passed since sarah connor was targeted for termination by a cyborg from the future. now her son, john, the future leader of the resistance, is the target for a newer, more deadly terminator. once again, the resistance has managed to send a protector back to attempt to save john and his mother sarah. it s nothing personal. terminator 2: judgment day"
"dances with wolves countryside based on novel or book culture clash deserter mutiny wolf language barrier self-discovery dakota buffalo unsociability freedom tennessee kansas sioux native american snow pawnee tribe 19th century lakota bison early america wounded civil war soldier, john dunbar tries to commit suicide—and becomes a hero instead. as a reward, he s assigned to his dream post, a remote junction on the western frontier, and soon makes unlikely friends with the local sioux tribe. inside everyone is a frontier waiting to be discovered. dances with wolves"
"batman double life dc comics dual identity chemical crime fighter fictional place superhero super power the dark knight of gotham city begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal joker, who has seized control of gotham s underworld. have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight? batman"
"silence of the lambs, the  a behind-the-scenes look at the making of this oscar winning thriller, prepared for its tenth anniversary. includes interviews with star anthony hopkins, as well as other members of the cast and crew, giving their views on the experience of creating this masterpiece of terror and suspense.  the making of the silence of the lambs: inside the labyrinth"
"snow white and the seven dwarfs poison witch becoming an adult sadness queen attempted murder dying and death appearance princess candlelight vigil snow white based on fairy tale a beautiful girl, snow white, takes refuge in the forest in the house of seven dwarfs to hide from her stepmother, the wicked queen. the queen is jealous because she wants to be known as  the fairest in the land,  and snow white s beauty surpasses her own. the happiest, dopiest, grumpiest, sneeziest movie of the year. snow white and the seven dwarfs"
"beauty and the beast  britannica s fairy tales from around the world presents  beauty and the beast &amp; other animated tales.  a bevy of beasts all come together in this dazzling assortment of fairy tale classics. produced by encyclopedia beirtannica, this collection of colorful cartoons tell the stories of fretful maidens, cursed princes, and helpful animals both big and small.  includes 4 animated tales- 1  beauty and the beast, 2  sedna, 3  the chinese parrot, 4  the scarecrow featuring 4 animated tales! britannica s beauty and the beast"
"pinocchio italy sea lie magic fairy carnival donkey whale wish boy nose puppet rescue conscience jackass wish fulfillment toy comes to life lonely toymaker geppetto has his wishes answered when the blue fairy arrives to bring his wooden puppet pinocchio to life. before becoming a real boy, however, pinocchio must prove he s worthy as he sets off on an adventure with his whistling sidekick and conscience, jiminy cricket. when you wish upon a star, your dreams come true. pinocchio"
"pretty woman prostitute capitalism expensive restaurant sports car workaholic fire escape friendship los angeles beverly hills piano bubble bath when a millionaire wheeler-dealer enters a business contract with a hollywood hooker vivian ward, he loses his heart in the bargain. who knew it was so much fun to be a hooker? pretty woman"
"fargo cheating ransom salesclerk winter kidnapping unsociability police north dakota murder dark comedy money snow car dealership woodchipper car false history jerry, a small-town minnesota car salesman is bursting at the seams with debt... but he s got a plan. he s going to hire two thugs to kidnap his wife in a scheme to collect a hefty ransom from his wealthy father-in-law. it s going to be a snap and nobody s going to get hurt... until people start dying. enter police chief marge, a coffee-drinking, parka-wearing - and extremely pregnant - investigator who ll stop at nothing to get her man. and if you think her small-time investigative skills will give the crooks a run for their ransom... you betcha! a lot can happen in the middle of nowhere. fargo"
"heavy metal experimental found footage short a graphic disintegration of paranoia, perversion and violence in chicago.  worldcat.org   heavy metal"
"primal fear corruption based on novel or book bishop court case pornographic video court psychopath an arrogant, high-powered attorney takes on the case of a poor altar boy found running away from the scene of the grisly murder of the bishop who has taken him in. the case gets a lot more complex when the accused reveals that there may or may not have been a third person in the room. the intensity builds when a surprise twist alters everyone s perception of the crime. sooner or later, a man who wears two faces forgets which one is real primal fear"
courage under fire gulf war pilot u.s. army praise rescue mission dead soldier tank medal a us army officer had made a  friendly fire  mistake that was covered up and he was reassigned to a desk job. later he was tasked to investigate a female chopper commander s worthiness to be awarded the medal of honor posthumously. at first all seemed in order. but then he begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses.... a medal for honor. a search for justice. a battle for truth. courage under fire
"mission: impossible paris france london, england spy cia terrorist secret identity undercover arms deal headquarter secret base secret mission prague embassy secret agent tgv computer mission based on tv series espionage agent when ethan hunt, the leader of a crack espionage team whose perilous operation has gone awry with no explanation, discovers that a mole has penetrated the cia, he s surprised to learn that he s the no. 1 suspect. to clear his name, hunt now must ferret out the real double agent and, in the process, even the score. expect the impossible. mission: impossible"
"dragonheart magic kingdom despot immortality village forest army horror partner revenge knight dragon battle medieval dragonheart 10th century in an ancient time when majestic fire-breathers soared through the skies, a knight named bowen comes face to face and heart to heart with the last dragon on earth, draco. taking up arms to suppress a tyrant king, bowen soon realizes his task will be harder than he d imagined: if he kills the king, draco will die as well. you will believe. dragonheart"
"james and the giant peach insect england loss of loved one based on novel or book garden magic musical aunt surrealism stop motion anthropomorphism new york city based on children s book hot dog manhattan, new york city empire state building live action and animation when the young orphan boy james spills a magic bag of crocodile tongues, he finds himself in possession of a giant peach that flies him away to strange lands. adventures this big don t grow on trees. james and the giant peach"
"mystery science theater 3000: the movie film and cinema based on tv series spoof robot scientist the mad and evil scientist, dr. clayton forrester, has created an evil little scheme that is bound to give him world global domination but first things first. he plans to torment mike nelson and the robots by sending them a real stinker of a film to watch called,  this island earth.  he is convinced that this movie will drive them insane. will this be the ultimate cheese that breaks the boys  spirits? every year hollywood makes hundreds of movies. this is one of them. mystery science theater 3000: the movie"
"space jam sport basketball cartoon doctor cartoon cat basketball team basketball game referee basketball court speedy gonzales cartoon chicken cartoon reality crossover basketball hoop cartoon skunk in a desperate attempt to win a basketball match and earn their freedom, the looney tunes seek the aid of retired basketball champion, michael jordan. get ready to jam. space jam"
"barbarella sexual fantasy alien planet distant future cult film female mercenary in the far future, a highly sexual woman is tasked with finding and stopping the evil durand-durand. along the way she encounters various unusual people. see barbarella do her thing! barbarella"
"truth about cats & dogs, the veterinarian radio presenter false identity decoy beguilement blind date love art dog a successful veterinarian and radio show host with low self-esteem asks her model friend to impersonate her when a handsome man wants to see her. brian s about to discover the woman he loves isn t the woman he loves. the truth about cats & dogs"
"wallace & gromit: the best of aardman animation anthology stop motion compilation of shorts plasticine anthology of aardman animation short films released in theaters in 1996, centered on the new release of the third wallace & gromit short,  a close shave.   includes:  a close shave,   creature comforts  and  heat electric commercials  by nick park;  rex the runt: how dinosaurs became extinct ,  rex the runt: dreams  and  ident  by richard goleszowski;  wat s pig  and  my baby just cares for me  by peter lord;  early bird  by peter lord and david sproxton;  pib and pog  directed by peter peake the best of aardman animation wallace & gromit: the best of aardman animation"
"craft, the witch suicide attempt puberty magic black magic sorcery female friendship teenager hair loss outsider occult ritual karma newcomer love spell a catholic school newcomer falls in with a clique of teen witches who wield their powers against all who dare to cross them -- be they teachers, rivals or meddlesome parents. welcome to the witching hour. the craft"
"rock, the san francisco fbi gas attack alcatraz hostage situation fbi chemical warfare expert stanley goodspeed is sent on an urgent mission with a former british spy, john patrick mason, to stop gen. francis x. hummel from launching chemical weapons on alcatraz island into san francisco. gen. hummel demands $100 million in war reparations to be paid to the families of slain servicemen who died on covert operations. after their seal team is wiped out, stanley and john deal with the soldiers on their own. alcatraz. only one man has ever broken out. now five million lives depend on two men breaking in. the rock"
"twister husband wife relationship tornado twister oklahoma metereologist invention climate barn natural disaster cow truck disaster aunt niece relationship storm chaser divorce tv weatherman bill harding is trying to get his tornado-hunter wife, jo, to sign divorce papers so he can marry his girlfriend melissa. but mother nature, in the form of a series of intense storms sweeping across oklahoma, has other plans. soon the three have joined the team of stormchasers as they attempt to insert a revolutionary measuring device into the very heart of several extremely violent tornados. the dark side of nature. twister"
"close shave, a prison inventor loyalty sheep innocence surrealism stop motion framed dog animal sheep rustling claymation plasticine wallace falls in love with wool-shop owner wendolene, not suspecting that she  or rather, her dog  is at the head of a fiendish sheep-rustling plot. gromit is set up and jailed, but his new-found sheepish friend is determined to give wallace a helping hand in finding out the real truth. from the oscar-winning creator of a grand day out and the wrong trousers. a close shave"
"arrival, the greenhouse effect global warming extraterrestrial astronomer conspiracy scientist foot chase desert climatologist observatory alien language golf club volkswagen beetle liquid nitrogen screwdriver cosmic zoom radio telescope satellite dish zane ziminski is an astrophysicist who receives a message that seems to have extraterrestrial origins. eerily soon after his discovery, zane is fired. he then embarks on a search to determine the origins of the transmission that leads him into a hitchcockian labyrinth of paranoia and intrigue. the greatest danger facing our world has been the planet s best kept secret... until now. the arrival"
"dr. strangelove or: how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb usa president general cold war strategic air command nuclear missile satire dark comedy cult film war room bomber pilot nuclear weapons ex nazi doomsday device absurdism after the insane general jack d. ripper initiates a nuclear strike on the soviet union, a war room full of politicians, generals and a russian diplomat all frantically try to stop the nuclear strike. the hot-line suspense comedy dr. strangelove or: how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb"
"trainspotting london, england scotland based on novel or book drug addiction drug dealer nightclub junkie heroin cold turkey edinburgh modern society hallucination friendship surrealism dark comedy stealing drug rehabilitation monologue drug dealing drugs cult film recovering drug addict illegal drugs drug culture antihero mark renton, deeply immersed in the edinburgh drug scene, tries to clean up and get out, despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends. choose life. trainspotting"
independence day  id4     independence day: the id4 invasion
"hunchback of notre dame, the  one day a foundling was brought to notre dame, the most beautiful cathedral of paris - but the baby was so ugly that no citizen of paris wanted it and so quasimodo grew up under the protection of the abbott of notre dame.  he never left the church, because people did not like him and he did not like people, until he saw the pretty gypsy esmeralda dancing one day. quasimodo decided to be there for her always. esmeralda needed his protection pretty soon because the court of paris accused her of beeing a witch. she was sentenced to death. quasimodo succeeded in saving esmeralda and her little goat. but the pursuers didn t give up...  the hunchback of notre dame"
"cable guy, the prison prostitute karaoke obsession dark comedy medieval cable guy frenemies when recently single steven moves into his new apartment, cable guy chip comes to hook him up—and doesn t let go. initially, chip is just overzealous in his desire to be steven s pal, but when steven tries to end the  friendship , chip shows his dark side. he begins stalking steven, who s left to fend for himself because no one else can believe chip s capable of such behaviour. there s no such thing as free cable. the cable guy"
"kingpin sport stripper handicap sexual favor star spangled banner bowling team hair loss biblical interpretation comb over inflatable doll combover unlikely lovers kingpin carriage lancaster, pa after bowler roy munson swindles the wrong crowd and is left with a hook for a hand, he settles into impoverished obscurity. that is, until he uncovers the next big thing: an amish kid named ishmael. so, the corrupt and the hopelessly naïve hit the circuit intent on settling an old score with big ern. you wouldn t want to meet these pinheads in an alley. kingpin"
"eraser suicide ambush showdown hostage traitor new identity hitman witness witness protection arms dealer deception betrayal treason conspiracy u.s. marshal gunfight train explosion violence sabotage corporate crime rogue agent assassination attempt x-ray vision railgun u.s. marshall john kruger erases the identities of people enrolled in the witness protection program. his current assignment is to protect lee cullen, who s uncovered evidence that the weapons manufacturer she works for has been selling to terrorist groups. when kruger discovers that there s a corrupt agent within the program, he must guard his own life while trying to protect lee s. he will erase your past to protect your future. eraser"
"nutty professor, the alter ego mad scientist family dean duringcreditsstinger research laboratory the hilarity begins when professor sherman klump finds romance with fellow dna specialist, denise gaines, and discovers a brilliant formula that reverses aging. but sherman s thin and obnoxious alter ego, buddy love, wants out...and a big piece of the action. and when buddy gets loose, things get seriously nutty. the klumps are back! nutty professor ii: the klumps"
"frighteners, the mother sheriff judge small town fbi architect con man poltergeist funeral widow black humor lovers ghost world daughter supernatural hell murder serial killer grim reaper scam reporter doctor car accident investigator widower cult film threat psychotic recluse ghost graveyard multiple murders army sergeant spooky haunted once an architect, frank bannister now passes himself off as an exorcist of evil spirits. to bolster his facade, he claims his  special  gift is the result of a car accident that killed his wife. but what he does not count on is more people dying in the small town where he lives. as he tries to piece together the supernatural mystery of these killings, he falls in love with the wife of one of the victims and deals with a crazy fbi agent. no rest for the wicked. the frighteners"
"lone star sheriff texas family secrets neo-western dark secret when the skeleton of his murdered predecessor is found, sheriff sam deeds unearths many other long-buried secrets in his texas border town. john sayles invites you to return to the scene of the crime. lone star"
"phenomenon brain tumor telekinesis genius terminal illness doctor psionic power an ordinary man sees a bright light descend from the sky, and discovers he now has super-intelligence and telekinesis. some things in life just can t be explained. phenomenon"
"time to kill, a  in the countryside in brazil, a group of boys hang out around a gas station with its manager, élcio. the men drink beer, do lots of macho stuff, play soccer. in the midst of this, there is an exchange of looks that demonstrates repressed desires, the need to sublimate oneself to be in tune with the rest of the world.  a vez de matar, a vez de morrer"
"ransom loss of loved one bounty yellow press fbi baby-snatching millionaire kidnapped child when a rich man s son is kidnapped, he cooperates with the police at first but then tries a unique tactic against the criminals. someone is going to pay. ransom"
"emma marriage proposal make a match emma woodhouse has a rigid sense of propriety as regards matrimonial alliances. unfortunately she insists on matchmaking for her less forceful friend, harriet, and so causes her to come to grief. through the sharp words of mr. knightley, and the example of the opinionated mrs. elton, someone not unlike herself, emma s attitudes begin to soften.  emma"
"escape from l.a. prison usa president earthquake dystopia attempt to escape sequel los angeles reluctant hero second part this time, a cataclysmic temblor hits los angeles, turning it into an island. the president views the quake as a sign from above, expels los angeles from the country and makes it a penal colony for those found guilty of moral crimes. when his daughter, part of a resistance movement, steals the control unit for a doomsday weapon, snake again gets tapped to save the day. snake is back. escape from l.a."
tin cup lover  female  golf man-woman relation sport woman between two men a washed up golf pro working at a driving range tries to qualify for the us open in order to win the heart of his succesful rival s girlfriend. golf pro. love amateur. tin cup
"godfather, the italy loss of loved one love at first sight italian american europe patriarch organized crime mafia lawyer crime family rise to power mob boss 1940s 1950s spanning the years 1945 to 1955, a chronicle of the fictional italian-american corleone crime family. when organized crime family patriarch, vito corleone barely survives an attempt on his life, his youngest son, michael steps in to take care of the would-be killers, launching a campaign of bloody revenge. an offer you can t refuse. the godfather"
"bound prison plumber gangster women s prison lesbian relationship mafia lesbian sex ex-con woman director neo-noir trans director corky, a tough female ex con and her lover violet concoct a scheme to steal millions of stashed mob money and pin the blame on violet s crooked boyfriend caesar. in their world, you can t buy freedom, but you can steal it. bound"
"island of dr. moreau, the monster experiment island mutation genetics hybrid remake h. g. wells a shipwrecked sailor stumbles upon a mysterious island and is shocked to discover that a brilliant scientist and his lab assistant have found a way to combine human and animal dna with horrific results. the gates of hell are unlocked. the island of dr. moreau"
"philadelphia story, the philadelphia photographer strong woman swimming pool remarriage hangover reporter divorcee socialite ex-husband ex-wife relationship high society fiancé fiancée relationship divorced couple family estate inebriated imminent wedding kid sister love quadrangle when a rich woman s ex-husband and a tabloid-type reporter turn up just before her planned remarriage, she begins to learn the truth about herself. broadway s howling year-run comedy hit of the snooty society beauty who slipped and fell - in love! the philadelphia story"
"singin  in the rain fan morning musical talkie partner film in film hollywood broadway audience chorus girl diction coach pearl necklace flapper 1920s in 1927 hollywood, a silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound. what a glorious feeling! singin  in the rain"
"american in paris, an paris france painter musical parfum singing american-in-paris jerry mulligan is an exuberant american expatriate in paris trying to make a reputation as a painter. his friend adam is a struggling concert pianist who s a long time associate of a famous french singer, henri baurel. a lonely society woman, milo roberts, takes jerry under her wing and supports him, but is interested in more than his art. what a joy! it s m-g-m s technicolor musical! an american in paris"
"breakfast at tiffany s new york loss of loved one age difference cat broken engagement love of one s life jewelry store window cigarette smoking new york city millionaire fortune hunter holly golightly finds herself captivated by aspiring writer paul varjak, who s moved into her building on a wealthy woman s dime. as romance blooms between paul and holly, doc golightly shows up on the scene, revealing holly s past. audrey hepburn plays that daring, darling holly golightly to a new high in entertainment delight! breakfast at tiffany’s"
"vertigo san francisco sense of guilt bachelor obsession love of one s life vertigo museum necklace grave plan painting film noir a retired san francisco detective suffering from acrophobia investigates the strange activities of an old friend s wife, all the while becoming dangerously obsessed with her. alfred hitchcock engulfs you in a whirlpool of terror and tension! vertigo"
"rear window nurse photographer suspicion of murder girlfriend neighbor salesman apartment convalescence voyeurism homebound professional photographer l.b.  jeff  jeffries breaks his leg while getting an action shot at an auto race. confined to his new york apartment, he spends his time looking out of the rear window observing the neighbors. when he begins to suspect that a man across the courtyard may have murdered his wife. jeff enlists the help of his high society fashion-consultant girlfriend and his visiting nurse to investigate. it only takes one witness to spoil the perfect crime. rear window"
"it happened one night miami newspaper marriage reporter black and white screwball comedy socialite pre-code based on short story screwball hitchhiking rich girl brat having just tied the knot with society aviator, king westley, ellie andrews is whisked away to her father s yacht and out of king s clutches. ellie jumps ship and eventually winds up on a bus headed back to her husband. reluctantly she must accept the help of out-of- work reporter, peter warne. actually, warne doesn t give her any choice—either she sticks with him until he gets her back to her husband, or he ll blow the whistle on ellie to her father. either way, peter gets what he wants—a really juicy newspaper story. together... for the first time it happened one night"
"north by northwest assassination spy mount rushmore national memorial romance mistaken identity on the run fugitive espionage advertising framed government agent advertising man roger thornhill is mistaken for a spy, triggering a deadly cross-country chase. it s a deadly game of  tag  and cary grant is  it ... north by northwest"
"apartment, the new york new year s eve lovesickness age difference suicide attempt office flat spaghetti christmas party winter clerk tennis racket romantic comedy extramarital affair bud baxter is a minor clerk in a huge new york insurance company, until he discovers a quick way to climb the corporate ladder. he lends out his apartment to the executives as a place to take their mistresses. although he often has to deal with the aftermath of their visits, one night he s left with a major problem to solve. movie-wise, there has never been anything like it - laugh-wise, love-wise, or otherwise-wise! the apartment"
"some like it hot chicago florida witness musician mafia cross dressing train band spats all girl band st. valentine s day massacre sugar valentine s day dressing two musicians witness a mob hit and struggle to find a way out of the city before they are found by the gangsters. their only opportunity is to join an all-girl band as they leave on a tour. to make their getaway they must first disguise themselves as women, then keep their identities secret and deal with the problems this brings - such as an attractive bandmate and a very determined suitor. the movie too hot for words! some like it hot"
"casablanca love triangle corruption spy resistance casablanca emigration visa patriotism nationalism concentration camp nazi war film noir in casablanca, morocco in december 1941, a cynical american expatriate meets a former lover, with unforeseen complications. they had a date with fate in casablanca! casablanca"
"maltese falcon, the san francisco loss of loved one detective murder statuette private detective black bird sam spade private eye film noir a private detective takes on a case that involves him with three eccentric criminals, a beautiful liar, and their quest for a priceless statuette. a story as explosive as his blazing automatics! the maltese falcon"
my fair lady musical transformation flower girl colonel wager suitor class differences tutor aristocrat linguist street high society misogynist guttersnipe class prejudice opposites attract a snobbish phonetics professor agrees to a wager that he can take a flower girl and make her presentable in high society. the loverliest motion picture of them all! my fair lady
"sabrina sibling relationship chauffeur champagne playboy love teenage crush millionaire high society manhattan, new york city impossible love family disapproval linus and david larrabee are the two sons of a very wealthy family. linus is all work -- busily running the family corporate empire, he has no time for a wife and family. david is all play -- technically he is employed by the family business, but never shows up for work, spends all his time entertaining, and has been married and divorced three times. meanwhile, sabrina fairchild is the young, shy, and awkward daughter of the household chauffeur, who has been infatuated with david all her life, but david hardly notices her --  doesn t even know i exist  -- until she goes away to paris for two years, and returns an elegant, sophisticated, beautiful woman. suddenly, she finds that she has captured david s attention, but just as she does so, she finds herself falling in love with linus, and she finds that linus is also falling in love with her. ...the chauffeur s daughter who learned her stuff in paris sabrina"
"roman holiday rome italy secret identity boat dance intelligence forbidden love embassy duty sightseeing photography trevi fountain overwhelmed by her suffocating schedule, touring european princess ann takes off for a night while in rome. when a sedative she took from her doctor kicks in, however, she falls asleep on a park bench and is found by an american reporter, joe bradley, who takes her back to his apartment for safety. at work the next morning, joe finds out ann s regal identity and bets his editor he can get exclusive interview with her, but romance soon gets in the way. romance in romantic rome! roman holiday"
"wizard of oz, the judy garland documentary about the making of the 1939 mgm classic film the wizard of oz. includes interviews of cast and crew members, their families and fans of the film.  the wonderful wizard of oz: the making of a movie classic"
"gone with the wind southern usa loss of loved one marriage proposal atlanta plantation typhus business woman marriage crisis american civil war old south early america the spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner is forced to use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of poverty, following maj. gen. william sherman s destructive  march to the sea,” during the american civil war. the greatest romance of all time! gone with the wind"
sunset blvd.  a.k.a. sunset boulevard  new year s eve screenwriter jealousy butler loss of sense of reality diva delusion breaking the fourth wall hollywood los angeles madness aging actor has been silent film star film noir grandiose  behavior kept man movie studio a hack screenwriter writes a screenplay for a former silent film star who has faded into hollywood obscurity. a hollywood story sunset boulevard
"citizen kane journalist newspaper florida capitalist banker media tycoon art collector sleigh money child newspaper magnate, charles foster kane is taken from his mother as a boy and made the ward of a rich industrialist. as a result, every well-meaning, tyrannical or self-destructive move he makes for the rest of his life appears in some way to be a reaction to that deeply wounding event. it s terrific! citizen kane"
"2001: a space odyssey moon jupiter artificial intelligence man vs machine technology super computer human being space travel space mission moon base astronaut cult film evolution monolith space station 2000s humanity finds a mysterious object buried beneath the lunar surface and sets off to find its origins with the help of hal 9000, the world s most advanced super computer. the ultimate trip 2001: a space odyssey"
"all about eve playwright hollywood black and white relationship insecurity broadway based on short story theater broadway star from the moment she glimpses her idol at the stage door, eve harrington is determined to take the reins of power away from the great actress margo channing. eve maneuvers her way into margo s broadway role, becomes a sensation and even causes turmoil in the lives of margo s director boyfriend, her playwright and his wife. only the cynical drama critic sees through eve, admiring her audacity and perfect pattern of deceit. it s all about women... and their men! all about eve"
"rebecca monte carlo based on novel or book age difference secret obsession bride cornwall england love rural setting devotion housekeeper death estate costume party film noir second wife story of a young woman who marries a fascinating widower only to find out that she must live in the shadow of his former wife, rebecca, who died mysteriously several years earlier. the young wife must come to grips with the terrible secret of her handsome, cold husband, max de winter. she must also deal with the jealous, obsessed mrs. danvers, the housekeeper, who will not accept her as the mistress of the house. the shadow of this woman darkened their love. rebecca"
"notorious poison love at first sight marriage proposal undercover patriotism rio de janeiro wine cellar fbi atomic bomb staircase nazi daughter espionage millionaire intoxication film noir in order to help bring nazis to justice, u.s. government agent t.r. devlin recruits alicia huberman, the american daughter of a convicted german war criminal, as a spy. as they begin to fall for one another, alicia is instructed to win the affections of alexander sebastian, a nazi hiding out in brazil. when sebastian becomes serious about his relationship with alicia, the stakes get higher, and devlin must watch her slip further undercover. notorious woman of affairs... adventurous man of the world notorious"
"to catch a thief hotel falsely accused villa jealousy age difference cat expensive restaurant nice southern france masked ball roof picnic fireworks côte d azur jewelry police blonde french riviera cat burglar riviera to prevent being accused of the crimes, an ex-burglar must catch a thief who’s been copying his style. wanted by the police in all the luxury-spots of europe!... a catch for any woman! to catch a thief"
"adventures of robin hood, the repayment sword richard the lionheart robin hood archer sword fight nottingham sherwood forest disguise swashbuckler saxons 12th century king richard robin hood fights nobly for justice against the evil sir guy of gisbourne while striving to win the hand of the beautiful maid marian. excitement...danger...suspense...as this classic adventure story sweeps across the screen! the adventures of robin hood"
"his girl friday suicide prison journalist journalism based on play or musical fugitive wager screwball comedy corrupt politician newspaper editor insurance agent fiancé fiancée relationship press room political corruption rolltop desk reprieve bride-to-be ex spouses imminent execution convicted murderer hildy, the journalist former wife of newspaper editor walter burns, visits his office to inform him that she s engaged and will be getting remarried the next day. walter can t let that happen and frames the fiancé, bruce baldwin, for one thing after another, to keep him temporarily held in prison, while trying to steer hildy into returning to her old job as his employee. she learned about men from him! his girl friday"
"it s a wonderful life holiday angel bank suicide attempt desperation small town great depression family business  black and white nervous breakdown old house alternate reality newlywed told in flashback guardian angel high school dance christmas building and loan a holiday favourite for generations...  george bailey has spent his entire life giving to the people of bedford falls.  all that prevents rich skinflint mr. potter from taking over the entire town is george s modest building and loan company.  but on christmas eve the business s $8,000 is lost and george s troubles begin. it s a wonderful laugh! it s a wonderful love! it s a wonderful life"
"mr. smith goes to washington washington d.c. senate senator sightseeing governor politician idealist dam camp conservative disillusionment political corruption integrity usa politics determination filibuster walkout political machine smear campaign expulsion attempt naive and idealistic jefferson smith, leader of the boy rangers, is appointed to the united states senate by the puppet governor of his state. he soon discovers, upon going to washington, many shortcomings of the political process as his earnest goal of a national boys  camp leads to a conflict with the state political boss. romance, drama, laughter and heartbreak... created out of the very heart and soil of america! mr. smith goes to washington"
"bringing up baby prison donation zoo museum paleontologist leopard bone screwball comedy david huxley is waiting to get a bone he needs for his museum collection. through a series of strange circumstances, he meets susan vance, and the duo have a series of misadventures which include a leopard called baby. and so begins the hilarious adventure of professor david huxley and miss susan vance, a flutter-brained vixen with love in her heart! bringing up baby"
"night of the living dead sibling relationship loss of loved one pennsylvania cemetery gun gas station cellar house barricade zombie trapped cult film bitten farm house a group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural pennsylvania farmhouse. if it doesn t scare you, you re already dead! night of the living dead"
"african queen, the africa missionary river desperation boat patriotism world war i hippopotamus giraffe methodist church moqukito boat wedding leech gin canadian tanzania congo animal species hope faith at the start of the first world war, in the middle of africa’s nowhere, a gin soaked riverboat captain is persuaded by a strong-willed missionary to go down river and face-off a german warship. the greatest adventure a man ever lived … with a woman! the african queen"
"big night new jersey jazz restaurant immigrant food car salesman italian restaurant feast 1950s primo &amp; secondo, two immigrant brothers, pin their hopes on a banquet honoring louis prima to save their struggling restaurant. in love and life, one big night can change everything. big night"
"20,000 leagues under the sea diving ocean submarine jules verne captain atlantis deep sea war ship diving suit harpoon ship war scuba diving underwater scuba captain nemo giant  squid a ship sent to investigate a wave of mysterious sinkings encounters the advanced submarine, the nautilus, commanded by captain nemo. the mightiest motion picture of them all! 20,000 leagues under the sea"
"cool runnings winter trainer olympic games jamaica training camp reggae bobsleighing sport when a jamaican sprinter is disqualified from the olympic games, he enlists the help of a dishonored coach to start the first jamaican bobsled team. one dream. four jamaicans. twenty below zero. cool runnings"
"cinderella loss of loved one based on novel or book mouse ball fairy prince musical midnight princess love orphan family evil stepmother fairy godmother glass slipper cinderella cinderella has faith her dreams of a better life will come true. with help from her loyal mice friends and a wave of her fairy godmother s wand, cinderella s rags are magically turned into a glorious gown and off she goes to the royal ball. but when the clock strikes midnight, the spell is broken, leaving a single glass slipper... the only key to the ultimate fairy-tale ending! the greatest love story ever told. cinderella"
"robin hood: prince of thieves england crusade mercifulness robin hood archer folk hero thief nottingham sherwood forest bow and arrow 12th century when the dastardly sheriff of nottingham murders robin s father, the legendary archer vows vengeance. to accomplish his mission, robin joins forces with a band of exiled villagers  and comely maid marian , and together they battle to end the evil sheriff s reign of terror. sometimes the only way to uphold justice...is to break the law. robin hood: prince of thieves"
"mary poppins london, england dancing sibling relationship parent child relationship bank famous score confidence nanny laughing magic penguin musical fox hunt kite flying live action and animation 1910s chimney sweep suffragettes a magical nanny employs music and adventure to help two neglected children become closer to their father. it s supercalifragilisticexpialidocious! mary poppins"
"dumbo circus mother dream mouse elephant nightmare suffering clown ear musical crow affection storch big ears dumbo is a baby elephant born with over-sized ears and a supreme lack of confidence. but thanks to his even more diminutive buddy timothy the mouse,  the pint-sized pachyderm learns to surmount all obstacles. the one...the only...the fabulous... dumbo"
"pete s dragon farm friendship part live action escape dragon part animation pete, a young orphan, runs away to a maine fishing town with his best friend a lovable, sometimes invisible dragon named elliott! when they are taken in by a kind lighthouse keeper, nora, and her father, elliott s prank playing lands them in big trouble. then, when crooked salesmen try to capture elliott for their own gain, pete must attempt a daring rescue. brazzle dazzle brilliance! pete s dragon"
bedknobs and broomsticks flying witch world war ii broom children in wartime three children evacuated from london during world war ii are forced to stay with an eccentric spinster  eglantine price . the children s initial fears disappear when they find out she is in fact a trainee witch. you ll bewitched! you ll bedazzled! you ll be swept into a world of enchantment beyond anything before! bedknobs and broomsticks
"alice in wonderland cat dream queen heart nothing tea party based on young adult novel on a golden afternoon, young alice follows a white rabbit, who disappears down a nearby rabbit hole. quickly following him, she tumbles into the burrow - and enters the merry, topsy-turvy world of wonderland! memorable songs and whimsical escapades highlight alice s journey, which culminates in a madcap encounter with the queen of hearts - and her army of playing cards! a world of wonders in one great picture alice in wonderland"
"sound of music, the resistance austria world war ii musical music competition salzburg based on play or musical classic alps governess convent novice puppet show nun in love nazi occupation 1930s a tomboyish postulant at an austrian abbey becomes a governess in the home of a widowed naval captain with seven children, and brings a new love of life and music into the home. the happiest sound in all the world! the sound of music"
"die hard based on novel or book terrorist s.w.a.t. hostage fbi kidnapping vault murder heist shootout los angeles one man army one night christmas 1980s action hero nypd cop john mcclane s plan to reconcile with his estranged wife is thrown for a serious loop when, minutes after he arrives at her office, the entire building is overtaken by a group of terrorists. with little help from the lapd, wisecracking mcclane sets out to single-handedly rescue the hostages and bring the bad guys down. 40 stories. twelve terrorists. one cop. die hard"
"lawnmower man, the dream chimp manipulation botanist virtual reality lemonade intelligent a simple man is turned into a genius through the application of computer science. god made him simple. science made him a god. the lawnmower man"
"secrets & lies london, england parent child relationship secret socially deprived family adoption reunion a middle-aged london factory worker is shocked when the mixed-race daughter she gave up at birth decides to track her down. at first she denies she is her mother. all family members become emotional, as everyone s secrets are exposed. roxanne drives her mother crazy. maurice never speaks to his niece. cynthia has a shock for her family. monica can t talk to her husband. hortense has never met her mother. secrets & lies"
"that thing you do! pennsylvania pop star musical record label recording studio music battle of the bands music band drummer 1960s a pennsylvania band scores a hit in 1964 and rides the star-making machinery as long as it can, with lots of help from its manager. in every life there comes a time when that dream you dream becomes that thing you do. that thing you do!"
"long kiss goodnight, the assassination amnesia hostage new identity strong woman chase female killer dark comedy teacher escape shootout female protagonist woman with gun beautiful  woman single mother timebomb candlelight vigil rogue agent ex cia agent christmas parade samantha caine, suburban homemaker, is the ideal mom to her 8 year old daughter caitlin. she lives in honesdale, pa, has a job teaching school and makes the best rice krispie treats in town. but when she receives a bump on her head, she begins to remember small parts of her previous life as a lethal, top-secret agent. what s forgotten is not always gone. the long kiss goodnight"
"ghost and the darkness, the africa lion bridge animal attack based on a true story kenya lion attack colonialism swahili sir robert beaumont is behind schedule on a railroad in africa. enlisting noted engineer john henry patterson to right the ship, beaumont expects results. everything seems great until the crew discovers the mutilated corpse of the project s foreman, seemingly killed by a lion. after several more attacks, patterson calls in famed hunter charles remington, who has finally met his match in the bloodthirsty lions. prey for the hunters the ghost and the darkness"
"william shakespeare s romeo and juliet forbidden love based on play or musical gun violence star crossed lovers teenage romance masquerade in director baz luhrmann s contemporary take on william shakespeare s classic tragedy, the montagues and capulets have moved their ongoing feud to the sweltering suburb of verona beach, where romeo and juliet fall in love and secretly wed. though the film is visually modern, the bard s dialogue remains. my only love sprung from my only hate. romeo + juliet"
"swingers stuffed animal hollywood drink swinger producer following someone name calling aspiring actor actor after 6 years together, mike s girlfriend leaves him, so he travels to la to be a star. six months on, he s still not doing very well— so a few of his friends try to reconnect him to the social scene and hopefully help him forget his failed relationship. get a nightlife. swingers"
sleepers child abuse sadistic sexual abuse pastor repayment juvenile prison court case pub court juvenile delinquent child two gangsters seek revenge on the state jail worker who during their stay at a youth prison sexually abused them. a sensational court hearing takes place to charge him for the crimes. when friendship runs deeper than blood sleepers
willy wonka and the chocolate factory chocolate factory worker based on novel or book candy tv addicted person overweight child grandparent grandchild relationship factory musical single teacher based on children s book grandfather grandson relationship eccentric candy man willy wonka prompts a worldwide frenzy when he announces that golden tickets hidden inside five of his delicious candy bars will admit their lucky holders into his top-secret confectionary. but does wonka have an agenda hidden amid a world of oompa loompas and chocolate rivers? it s scrumdidilyumptious! willy wonka & the chocolate factory
"sleeper sex revolution future dystopia government control satire independent film robot tyranny cyrogenics anarchic comedy miles monroe, a clarinet-playing health food store proprietor, is revived out of cryostasis 200 years into a future world in order to help rebels fight an oppressive government regime. woody allen takes a nostalgic look at the future. sleeper"
"bananas fictional place revolution political activism loser banana republic anarchic comedy when a bumbling new yorker is dumped by his activist girlfriend, he travels to a tiny latin american nation and becomes involved in its latest rebellion.  bananas"
"fish called wanda, a robbery infidelity cheating heart attack heist farce lawyer silencer courtroom american abroad cult film animal abuse barrister stuttering weir yelling killing a dog cutical scissors run over by a steamroller gag excuse barrel zoophilia screwball heathrow airport stolen jewelry a diamond advocate is attempting to steal a collection of diamonds, yet troubles arise when he realizes that he is not the only one after the diamonds. a tale of murder, lust, greed, revenge, and seafood. a fish called wanda"
"monty python s life of brian jewry roman empire three kings crucifixion bethlehem independence movement satire religion sermon on the mount cult film anarchic comedy brian cohen is an average young jewish man, but through a series of ridiculous events, he gains a reputation as the messiah. when he s not dodging his followers or being scolded by his shrill mother, the hapless brian has to contend with the pompous pontius pilate and acronym-obsessed members of a separatist movement. rife with monty python s signature absurdity, the tale finds brian s life paralleling biblical lore, albeit with many more laughs. he wasn t the messiah. he was a very naughty boy. life of brian"
"victor/victoria paris france gay cabaret musical cross dresser soprano 1930s a struggling female soprano finds work playing a male female impersonator, but it complicates her personal life. the disguise surprise comedy of the year! victor/victoria"
"bonnie and clyde ambush sheriff waitress prohibition texas bank robber oklahoma impotence missouri texas ranger grave digger in the 1930s, the gangster pair bonnie parker and clyde barrow began robbing banks in u.s. cities until they were eventually killed in a police shoot-out. they’re young… they’re in love… and they kill people. bonnie and clyde"
"dial m for murder london, england adultery jealousy secret blackmail evidence tennis player letter marriage love murder classic theft visit husband murder plot 3d crime fiction writer keys an ex-tennis pro carries out a plot to have his wife murdered after discovering she is having an affair, and assumes she will soon leave him for the other man anyway. when things go wrong, he improvises a new plan—to frame her for murder instead. if a woman answers... hang on for dear life! dial m for murder"
"dirty dancing dancing sibling relationship sex hotel robbery dancing master mambo dance performance daughter summer camp secret love teenage crush doctor class differences youth family holiday sensuality unwanted pregnancy summer romance abortion catskill resort expecting the usual tedium that accompanies a summer in the catskills with her family, 17-year-old frances  baby  houseman is surprised to find herself stepping into the shoes of a professional hoofer—and unexpectedly falling in love. have the time of your life. dirty dancing"
"reservoir dogs traitor jewelry psychopath thief heist betrayal mystery escape gang plan gone wrong cult film nonlinear timeline warehouse ensemble cast told in flashback heist gone wrong foreshadowing rendezvous iconic set in one room uneasy alliance rag tag group shared universe a botched robbery indicates a police informant, and the pressure mounts in the aftermath at a warehouse. crime begets violence as the survivors -- veteran mr. white, newcomer mr. orange, psychopathic parolee mr. blonde, bickering weasel mr. pink and nice guy eddie -- unravel. every dog has his day. reservoir dogs"
"platoon hero mine vietnam war village jungle soldier battle platoon combat as a young and naive recruit in vietnam, chris taylor faces a moral crisis when confronted with the horrors of war and the duality of man. the first casualty of war is innocence. platoon"
"weekend at bernie s beach mission of murder boss bad boss house female corpse two friends are invited for a weekend to a luxury island with their boss. the boss gets shot and nobody seems to notice, except for the two friends. in order not to become suspects of murder they treat the body as a puppet and make people believe he s still alive. the killer wants to do his job so when he is informed that the stiff is still alive he s got to shoot him again, and again, and again. bernie may be dead, but he s still the life of the party! weekend at bernie s"
"basic instinct sexual obsession san francisco detective jealousy eroticism suspicion of murder bisexuality dying and death dangerous lover striptease sadism police psychopath femme fatale sociopath neo-noir erotic thriller a police detective is in charge of the investigation of a brutal murder, in which a beautiful and seductive woman could be involved. a brutal murder. a brilliant killer. a cop who can t resist the danger. basic instinct"
"doors, the hippie poetry sex rock  n  roll hallucination wilderness airplane musical addicted joint organ lsd biography alcoholism singer drugs music band the story of the famous and influential 1960 s rock band and its lead singer and composer, jim morrison. the ultimate story of sex, drugs & rock  n  roll the doors"
"crying game, the transvestism gay hostage love of one s life northern ireland homosexuality gay interest teenage crush soldier political unrest irish republican army member fergus forms an unexpected bond with jody, a kidnapped british soldier in his custody, despite the warnings of fellow ira members jude and maguire. jody makes fergus promise he ll visit his girlfriend, dil, in london, and when fergus flees to the city, he seeks her out. hounded by his former ira colleagues, he finds himself increasingly drawn to the enigmatic, and surprising, dil.  the crying game"
"glengarry glen ross robbery office shop estate agent company contest cowardliness cult film real estate pressure neo-noir glengarry glen ross, follows the lives of four unethical chicago real estate agents who are prepared to go to any lengths  legal or illegal  to unload undesirable real estate on unwilling prospective buyers. lie. cheat. steal. all in a day’s work. glengarry glen ross"
"sophie s choice new york concentration camp holocaust world war ii writer poland 1940s stingo, a young writer, moves to brooklyn in 1947 to begin work on his first novel. as he becomes friendly with sophie and her lover nathan, he learns that she is a holocaust survivor. flashbacks reveal her harrowing story, from pre-war prosperity to auschwitz. in the present, sophie and nathan s relationship increasingly unravels as stingo grows closer to sophie and nathan s fragile mental state becomes ever more apparent. between the innocent, the romantic, the sensual, and the unthinkable. there are still some things we have yet to imagine. sophie s choice"
"e.t. the extra-terrestrial farewell loss of loved one homesickness nasa extraterrestrial technology operation space marine hiding place riding a bicycle flying saucer prosecution halloween frog flowerpot finger single alien children single mother after a gentle alien becomes stranded on earth, the being is discovered and befriended by a young boy named elliott. bringing the extraterrestrial into his suburban california house, elliott introduces e.t., as the alien is dubbed, to his brother and his little sister, gertie, and the children decide to keep its existence a secret. soon, however, e.t. falls ill, resulting in government intervention and a dire situation for both elliott and the alien. he is afraid. he is alone. he is three million light years from home. e.t. the extra-terrestrial"
"days of thunder stock car racing daytona car crash talented but unproven stock car driver cole trickle gets a break and with the guidance of veteran harry hogge turns heads on the track. the young hotshot develops a rivalry with a fellow racer that threatens his career when the two smash their cars. but with the help of his doctor, cole just might overcome his injuries-- and his fear. you can t stop the thunder. days of thunder"
"top gun loss of loved one lovesickness fighter pilot self-discovery pilot dying and death officer training camp air force airplane dangerous battle assignment u.s. navy hostility secret love cowardliness pilot school for lieutenant pete  maverick  mitchell and his friend and co-pilot nick  goose  bradshaw, being accepted into an elite training school for fighter pilots is a dream come true. but a tragedy, as well as personal demons, will threaten pete s dreams of becoming an ace pilot. up there with the best of the best. top gun"
rebel without a cause  rebel without a cause: defiant innocents is a documentary chronicling the production of the film.  rebel without a cause: defiant innocents
"streetcar named desire, a sibling relationship southern usa rape loss of sense of reality brother-in-law violent husband new orleans middle aged woman sibling-in-law sibling-in-law relationship light bulb expectant father sister sister relationship disturbed blanche dubois moves in with her sister in new orleans and is tormented by her brutish brother-in-law while her reality crumbles around her. ...blanche, who wanted so much to stay a lady... a streetcar named desire"
"people vs. larry flynt, the poison pornography free love aids eroticism drug addiction group sex wheelchair last judgment court case sentence airplane baptism vulgar millionaire disabled larry flynt is the hedonistically obnoxious, but indomitable, publisher of hustler magazine. the film recounts his struggle to make an honest living publishing his girlie magazine and how it changes into a battle to protect the freedom of speech for all people. you may not like what he does, but are you prepared to give up his right to do it? the people vs. larry flynt"
"on golden pond parent child relationship lake son daughter based on play or musical family relationships family holiday new england family conflict old age lake house for norman and ethel thayer, this summer on golden pond is filled with conflict and resolution. when their daughter chelsea arrives, the family is forced to renew the bonds of love and overcome the generational friction that has existed for years. norman must find his way through his anger and fear of growing old, while chelsea struggles to rebuild their relationship. ethel s consistent support of her  knight in shining armor  is inspirational in its simplicity. this is a movie to ponder and always keep in your heart. when life is at its finest… when love is at its fullest… on golden pond"
"return of the pink panther, the robbery diamond côte d azur inspector panther farce the famous pink panther jewel has once again been stolen and inspector clouseau is called in to catch the thief. the inspector is convinced that  the phantom  has returned and utilises all of his resources – himself and his asian manservant – to reveal the identity of  the phantom .  the return of the pink panther"
"abyss, the ocean submarine sea diving suit flying saucer nuclear missile alien life-form insanity scuba diving underwater scuba deepsea trapped underwater  thalassophobia a civilian oil rig crew is recruited to conduct a search and rescue effort when a nuclear submarine mysteriously sinks. one diver soon finds himself on a spectacular odyssey 25,000 feet below the ocean s surface where he confronts a mysterious force that has the power to change the world or destroy it. there s everything you ve ever known about adventure, and then there s the abyss. the abyss"
"escape from new york taxi street gang usa president war veteran hostage kidnapping liberation of prisoners anti hero gangster dystopia police operation attempt to escape cyberpunk cult film reluctant hero in 1997, the island of manhattan has been walled off and turned into a giant maximum security prison within which the country s worst criminals are left to form their own anarchic society. however, when the president of the united states crash lands on the island, the authorities turn to a former soldier and current convict to rescue him. new york is a disease. meet the cure. escape from new york"
private benjamin paris france empowerment strong woman training camp transformation u.s. army training army change female soldier female protagonist woman with gun private female empowerment military training determination army cadet army training woman empowerment a sheltered young high society woman joins the army on a whim and finds herself in a more difficult situation than she ever expected.  private benjamin
"monty python and the holy grail holy grail monk england scotland yard swordplay camelot round table chapter animal attack satire knight king arthur wedding reception midnight movie cult film monty python knights of the round table anarchic comedy king arthur, accompanied by his squire, recruits his knights of the round table, including sir bedevere the wise, sir lancelot the brave, sir robin the not-quite-so-brave-as-sir-lancelot and sir galahad the pure. on the way, arthur battles the black knight who, despite having had all his limbs chopped off, insists he can still fight. they reach camelot, but arthur decides not  to enter, as  it is a silly place . and now! at last! another film completely different from some of the other films which aren t quite the same as this one is. monty python and the holy grail"
"wrong trousers, the robbery inventor penguin telecontrol surrealism betrayal stop motion criminal dog jewel heist claymation very little dialogue plasticine gromit finds himself being pushed out of his room and home by a new lodger who is actually a ruthless criminal  and a small penguin . the penguin is planning a robbery and needs to use wallace and his mechanical remote controlled trousers to pull off the raid. however, gromit is wise to the penguin and comes to the rescue. winner of the 1993 academy award for best animated short. the wrong trousers"
"bob roberts pennsylvania senate election campaign folk music republican mockumentary political campaign folk singer fake documentary media manipulation political satire hidden truth assassination attempt mock documentary about an upstart candidate for the u.s. senate written and directed by actor tim robbins. bob roberts is a folksinger with a difference: he offers tunes that protest welfare chiselers, liberal whining, and the like. as the filmmakers follow his campaign, robbins gives needle-sharp insight into the way candidates manipulate the media. vote first.  ask questions later. bob roberts"
"cinema paradiso sicily movie business parent child relationship cinema kiss flashback coming of age haunted by the past censorship movie theatre nuovo cinema paradiso a filmmaker recalls his childhood, when he fell in love with the movies at his village s theater and formed a deep friendship with the theater s projectionist. a celebration of youth, friendship, and the everlasting magic of the movies. nuovo cinema paradiso"
delicatessen suicide attempt underground planned murder clown butcher butcher s shop post-apocalyptic vegetarian terror cell dystopia cult film this bizarre surrealistic black comedy takes place in a small fictitious post-apocalyptic town where food is scarce and butcher clapet has the macabre business of using human flesh to feed his customers. yet when his daughter falls in love with his next slaughter victim things turn into chaos. a futuristic comic feast. delicatessen
"grifters, the based on novel or book con man train ride con artist los angeles horse track grifter estafa neo-noir a young short-con grifter suffers both injury and the displeasure of reuniting with his criminal mother, all the while dating an unpredictable young lady. seduction. betrayal. murder. who’s conning who? the grifters"
"english patient, the cairo egypt identity amnesia world war ii burn landmine expedition cave sandstorm cave painting prisoner of war map mine clearer hearing desert scientist intelligence traitor mural painting airplane secret love desert in the 1930s, count almásy is a hungarian map maker employed by the royal geographical society to chart the vast expanses of the sahara desert along with several other prominent explorers. as world war ii unfolds, almásy enters into a world of love, betrayal, and politics. in love, there are no boundaries. the english patient"
"my left foot bodily disabled person biography poet foot based on a true story flashback author irish working class disabled cerebral palsy courage in this true story told through flashbacks, christy brown is born with crippling cerebral palsy into a poor, working-class irish family. able only to control movement in his left foot and to speak in guttural sounds, he is mistakenly believed to have a intellectual disability for the first ten years of his life. a film about life, laughter, and the occasional miracle. my left foot: the story of christy brown"
"sex, lies, and videotape sexual obsession sex sexuality camcorder spanner orgasm longing interview videotape voyeurism a sexually repressed woman s husband is having an affair with her sister. the arrival of a visitor with a rather unusual fetish changes everything.  sex, lies, and videotape"
"strictly ballroom dancer parent child relationship husband wife relationship dance revelation transformation partner flashback dance competition ballroom dancing based on play or musical falling in love dance lesson championship dance school rhumba paso doble brave new steps put scott s career in jeopardy. with a new partner and determination, can he still succeed? a life lived in fear... ...is a life half lived strictly ballroom"
"one flew over the cuckoo s nest nurse based on novel or book oregon lunatic asylum friendship hospital female villain shock treatment while serving time for insanity at a state mental hospital, implacable rabble-rouser, randle patrick mcmurphy, inspires his fellow patients to rebel against the authoritarian rule of head nurse, mildred ratched. if he s crazy, what does that make you? one flew over the cuckoo s nest"
"star wars: episode v - the empire strikes back rebel android asteroid spacecraft space battle snow storm space colony lightsaber jedi good vs evil rebellion the force space opera stormtrooper wookie jedi master jedi training droid the epic saga continues as luke skywalker, in hopes of defeating the evil galactic empire, learns the ways of the jedi from aging master yoda. but darth vader is more determined than ever to capture luke. meanwhile, rebel leader princess leia, cocky han solo, chewbacca, and droids c-3po and r2-d2 are thrown into various stages of capture, betrayal and despair. the adventure continues... the empire strikes back"
"princess bride, the  the cast of the 1987 film the princess bride recount their most cherished memories of making the movie.  the princess bride: the untold tales"
"raiders of the lost ark saving the world riddle nepal himalaya cairo moses egypt whip treasure medallion leather jacket nazi hat mediterranean ark of the covenant ten commandments treasure hunt excavation swastika archaeologist archeology  religious history 1930s when dr. indiana jones – the tweed-suited professor who just happens to be a celebrated archaeologist – is hired by the government to locate the legendary ark of the covenant, he finds himself up against the entire nazi regime. indiana jones - the new hero from the creators of jaws and star wars. raiders of the lost ark"
"brazil bureaucracy police state terror great britain dream dystopia government satire dark comedy cult film anarchic comedy low-level bureaucrat sam lowry escapes the monotony of his day-to-day life through a recurring daydream of himself as a virtuous hero saving a beautiful damsel. investigating a case that led to the wrongful arrest and eventual death of an innocent man instead of wanted terrorist harry tuttle, he meets the woman from his daydream, and in trying to help her gets caught in a web of mistaken identities, mindless bureaucracy and lies. it s only a state of mind. brazil"
"aliens android extraterrestrial technology space marine spaceman cryogenics vacuum space colony warrior woman settler space travel colony alien xenomorph when ripley s lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later, she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. when the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story—all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. they enlist ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers. this time it s war aliens"
"good, the bad and the ugly, the baseball boston professor m.i.t. harvard university ambition mathematics genius love friends flashback janitor irish psychologist university courtroom prodigy will hunting has a genius-level iq but chooses to work as a janitor at mit. when he solves a difficult graduate-level math problem, his talents are discovered by professor gerald lambeau, who decides to help the misguided youth reach his potential. when will is arrested for attacking a police officer, professor lambeau makes a deal to get leniency for him if he will get treatment from therapist sean maguire. some people can never believe in themselves, until someone believes in them. good will hunting"
"12 angry men judge jurors sultriness death penalty father murder puerto rican anonymity court case heat group class innocence court courtroom the defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young spanish-american is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. what begins as an open and shut case soon becomes a mini-drama of each of the jurors  prejudices and preconceptions about the trial, the accused, and each other. life is in their hands. death is on their minds. 12 angry men"
"lawrence of arabia cairo arabian world war i horse jerusalem british army british empire damascus camel war based on a true story quicksand desert arab ottoman empire the story of british officer t.e. lawrence s mission to aid the arab tribes in their revolt against the ottoman empire during the first world war. lawrence becomes a flamboyant, messianic figure in the cause of arab unity but his psychological instability threatens to undermine his achievements. a mighty motion picture of action and adventure! lawrence of arabia"
"clockwork orange, a street gang sexuality based on novel or book parent child relationship great britain social worker society dystopia satire controversial violence cult film futuristic society in a near-future britain, young alexander delarge and his pals get their kicks beating and raping anyone they please. when not destroying the lives of others, alex swoons to the music of beethoven. the state, eager to crack down on juvenile crime, gives an incarcerated alex the option to undergo an invasive procedure that ll rob him of all personal agency. in a time when conscience is a commodity, can alex change his tune? being the adventures of a young man whose principal interests are rape, ultra-violence and beethoven. a clockwork orange"
"to kill a mockingbird sibling relationship black people based on novel or book becoming an adult isolation arbitrary law socially deprived family tree house alabama wrong accusal farm worker intolerance exclusion court case defence right and justice court racism child 1930s courtroom drama based on young adult novel scout finch, 6, and her older brother jem live in sleepy maycomb, alabama, spending much of their time with their friend dill and spying on their reclusive and mysterious neighbor, boo radley. when atticus, their widowed father and a respected lawyer, defends a black man named tom robinson against fabricated rape charges, the trial and tangent events expose the children to evils of racism and stereotyping. the rare film story of a father who must expose his children to a small town s outraged passions… and can only protect them with his love. to kill a mockingbird"
"apocalypse now guerrilla vietnam vietcong cambodia army insanity tribe mission green beret jungle at the height of the vietnam war, captain benjamin willard is sent on a dangerous mission that, officially,  does not exist, nor will it ever exist.  his goal is to locate - and eliminate - a mysterious green beret colonel named walter kurtz, who has been leading his personal army on illegal guerrilla missions into enemy territory. this is the end... apocalypse now"
"star wars: episode vi - return of the jedi sibling relationship rebel spacecraft emperor space battle matter of life and death death star jabba the hutt ewoks jedi space opera luke skywalker leads a mission to rescue his friend han solo from the clutches of jabba the hutt, while the emperor seeks to destroy the rebellion once and for all with a second dreaded death star. the empire falls... return of the jedi"
"third man, the based on novel or book switzerland coming of age mountain climbing mountaineering peak the thrilling, critically acclaimed account of rudi matt  james macarthur , a young kitchen worker who is determined to conquer the citadel -- the jagged, snowcapped peak that claimed his father s life. conquering the past would be the climb of his life third man on the mountain"
"goodfellas prison based on novel or book florida 1970s mass murder irish-american drug traffic gangster biography based on a true story murder organized crime gore mafia new york city extreme violence violence brooklyn, new york city crime epic tampa the true story of henry hill, a half-irish, half-sicilian brooklyn kid who is adopted by neighbourhood gangsters at an early age and climbs the ranks of a mafia family under the guidance of jimmy conway. three decades of life in the mafia. goodfellas"
"alien android spacecraft countdown space marine space suit beheading space travel dystopia biology cowardice space alien female protagonist cult film parasite h. r. giger cosmos xenomorph during its return to the earth, commercial spaceship nostromo intercepts a distress signal from a distant planet. when a three-member team of the crew discovers a chamber containing thousands of eggs on the planet, a creature inside one of the eggs attacks an explorer. the entire crew is unaware of the impending nightmare set to descend upon them when the alien parasite planted inside its unfortunate host is birthed. in space no one can hear you scream. alien"
"army of darkness prophecy witch swordplay supermarket castle catapult chain saw time frame skeleton pit windmill incantation time travel undead knight zombie middle ages good and bad necronomicon doppelgänger 13th century a man is accidentally transported to 1300 a.d., where he must battle an army of the dead and retrieve the necronomicon so he can return home. trapped in time. surrounded by evil. low on gas. army of darkness"
"ran assassination gun castle power kingdom greed heir to the throne epic revenge blood descent into madness seppuku inheritance fight ruins king lear feudal japan black widow hopelessness with ran, legendary director akira kurosawa reimagines shakespeare s king lear as a singular historical epic set in sixteenth-century japan. majestic in scope, the film is kurosawa s late-life masterpiece, a profound examination of the folly of war and the crumbling of one family under the weight of betrayal, greed, and the insatiable thirst for power. the greatest shakespeare film 乱"
"psycho hotel clerk arizona shower rain motel taxidermy money secretary corpse murderer theft private detective proto-slasher when larcenous real estate clerk marion crane goes on the lam with a wad of cash and hopes of starting a new life, she ends up at the notorious bates motel, where manager norman bates cares for his housebound mother. the place seems quirky, but fine… until marion decides to take a shower. a new—and altogether different—screen excitement!!! psycho"
"blues brothers, the dancing prison chicago country music nun jazz blues nazi music concert music instrument shopping mall church parole car chase music band saturday night live jake blues is just out of jail, and teams up with his brother, elwood on a  mission from god  to raise funds for the orphanage in which they grew up. the only thing they can do is do what they do best: play music. so they get their old band together, and set out on their way—while getting in a bit of trouble here and there. they ll never get caught. they re on a mission from god. the blues brothers"
"godfather: part ii, the italy italian american cuba melancholy praise revenge mafia lawyer blood suburb corrupt politician bloody body of child man punches woman in the continuing saga of the corleone crime family, a young vito corleone grows up in sicily and in 1910s new york. in the 1950s, michael corleone attempts to expand the family business into las vegas, hollywood and cuba. i don t feel i have to wipe everybody out, tom. just my enemies. the godfather: part ii"
"full metal jacket suicide prostitute helicopter based on novel or book journalism sniper propaganda vietnam recruit war photographer war correspondent war boot camp rescue jungle infantry sergeant racism violence genocide fighting platoon combat discipline u.s. marine obstacle course mass grave blanket party a pragmatic u.s. marine observes the dehumanizing effects the u.s.-vietnam war has on his fellow recruits from their brutal boot camp training to the bloody street fighting in hue. vietnam can kill me, but it can’t make me care. full metal jacket"
"grand day out, a moon inventor missile cheese stop motion robot dog ski claymation plasticine wallace and gromit have run out of cheese and this provides an excellent excuse for the animated duo to take their holiday on the moon, where, as everyone knows, there is ample cheese. the moon is inhabited by a mechanical caretaker, who is not too happy about the two visitors from earth that nibble on the moon.  a grand day out"
henry v france william shakespeare kingdom based on a true story based on play or musical medieval king of england henry v gritty adaption of william shakespeare s play about the english king s bloody conquest of france. the great adventure of a king who defied the odds to prove himself a man. henry v
"amadeus italy austria composer opera talent emperor musician marriage crisis mozart god murder vienna austria envy 18th century the incredible story of genius musician wolfgang amadeus mozart, told in flashback by his peer and secret rival, antonio salieri—now confined to an insane asylum. ...everything you ve heard is true amadeus"
"raging bull transporter jealousy violent husband paranoia boxer brother biography fistfight broken nose sport domestic violence extreme violence over-the-hill fighter when jake lamotta steps into a boxing ring and obliterates his opponent, he s a prizefighter. but when he treats his family and friends the same way, he s a ticking time bomb, ready to go off at any moment. though lamotta wants his family s love, something always seems to come between them. perhaps it s his violent bouts of paranoia and jealousy. this kind of rage helped make him a champ, but in real life, he winds up in the ring alone.  raging bull"
annie hall tennis cocaine narration neurosis comedian job interview sport love romantic comedy singer jewish breaking the fourth wall new york city talking to the audience volkswagen beetle lobster new york comedian alvy singer falls in love with the ditsy annie hall. a nervous romance. annie hall
"right stuff, the based on novel or book nasa answering machine cold war pilot u.s. air force space travel politics historical figure epic flight astronaut space race lyndon johnson test pilot 1940s 1950s 1960s sound barrier space program a chronicle of the original mercury astronauts in the formation of america s space program: alan shepherd, the first american in space; gus grissom, the benighted astronaut for whom nothing works out as planned; john glenn, the straight-arrow  boy scout  of the bunch who was the first american to orbit the earth; and the remaining pilots: deke slayton, scott carpenter and wally schirra. how the future began. the right stuff"
"boat, the  das boot  montreal 1940s a young naive reporter romances a female reporter who is quietly organizing a journalist union and joins her cause.  why rock the boat?"
"sting, the chicago bet horse race repayment con man mafia boss caper violence ragtime off track betting sting operation alley 1930s 20th century set in the 1930s this intricate caper deals with an ambitious small-time crook and a veteran con man who seek revenge on a vicious crime lord who murdered one of their gang. ...all it takes is a little confidence. the sting"
harold and maude suicide life and death depression age difference cemetery suicide attempt birthday banjo cliff life planning dead wish arranged marriage dying and death wealth midnight movie cult film older woman younger man relationship elderly lady the young harold lives in his own world of suicide-attempts and funeral visits to avoid the misery of his current family and home environment. harold meets an 80-year-old woman named maude who also lives in her own world yet one in which she is having the time of her life. when the two opposites meet they realize that their differences don’t matter and they become best friends and love each other. they were meant to be. but exactly what they were meant to be is not quite clear. harold and maude
local hero scotland small town village life petrol village houston rabbit millionaire oil company seaside town aurora borealis an american oil company sends a man to scotland to buy up an entire village where they want to build a refinery. but things don t go as expected.  local hero
"terminator, the saving the world artificial intelligence rebel cyborg laser gun shotgun killer robot dystopia los angeles car chase urban setting future war griffith observatory in the post-apocalyptic future, reigning tyrannical supercomputers teleport a cyborg assassin known as the  terminator  back to 1984 to kill sarah connor, whose unborn son is destined to lead insurgents against 21st century mechanical hegemony. meanwhile, the human-resistance movement dispatches a lone warrior to safeguard sarah. can he stop the virtually indestructible killing machine? your future is in his hands. the terminator"
"glory war racism battle union soldier confederate soldier american civil war 19th century early america african american history robert gould shaw leads the us civil war s first all-black volunteer company, fighting prejudices of both his own union army and the confederates. their innocence. their heritage. their lives. glory"
rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead william shakespeare fate existentialism two minor characters from the play  hamlet  stumble around unaware of their scripted lives and unable to deviate from them.  rosencrantz & guildenstern are dead
"manhattan new york adultery based on novel or book lolita love romance independent film mistress writer new york city relationship city divorce manhattan, new york city married manhattan explores how the life of a middle-aged television writer dating a teenage girl is further complicated when he falls in love with his best friend s mistress.  manhattan"
"miller s crossing corruption street gang prohibition gun irish-american gambling debts irish mob violence neo-noir 1920s set in 1929, a political boss and his advisor have a parting of the ways when they both fall for the same woman. up is down, black is white, and nothing is what it seems. miller s crossing"
"dead poets society individual philosophy poetry william shakespeare professor literature friendship teacher school play vermont schoolteacher preparatory school a midsummer night s dream 1950s at an elite, old-fashioned boarding school in new england, a passionate english teacher inspires his students to rebel against convention and seize the potential of every day, courting the disdain of the stern headmaster. he was their inspiration. he made their lives extraordinary. dead poets society"
"graduate, the seduction college romance los angeles wedding older woman younger man relationship graduate rape accusation benjamin, a recent college graduate is very worried about his future, he then finds himself in a love triangle with an older woman and her daughter. this is benjamin. he s a little worried about his future. the graduate"
"touch of evil hotel brothel border evidence honeymoon investigation united states–mexico barrier car bomb mexican film noir when a car bomb explodes on the american side of the u.s./mexico border, mexican drug enforcement agent miguel vargas begins his investigation, along with american police captain hank quinlan. when vargas begins to suspect that quinlan and his shady partner, menzies, are planting evidence to frame an innocent man, his investigations into their possible corruption quickly put himself and his new bride, susie, in jeopardy. the strangest vengeance ever planned! touch of evil"
"nikita  la femme nikita  venice, italy secret identity special unit romance hitwoman government assassin a beautiful felon, sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a policeman, is given a second chance - as a secret political assassin controlled by the government. she murders. so she can live. nikita"
"bridge on the river kwai, the japan based on novel or book resistance river world war ii prisoner of war thailand bridge officer burma bridge blowup the classic story of english pows in burma forced to build a bridge to aid the war effort of their japanese captors. british and american intelligence officers conspire to blow up the structure, but col. nicholson , the commander who supervised the bridge s construction, has acquired a sense of pride in his creation and tries to foil their plans. it spans a whole new world of entertainment! the bridge on the river kwai"
"chinatown rape sea river chinatown mistake in person pedophilia dying and death barrage los angeles private detective neo-noir private eye jake gittes lives off of the murky moral climate of sunbaked, pre-world war ii southern california. hired by a beautiful socialite to investigate her husband s extra-marital affair, gittes is swept into a maelstrom of double dealings and deadly deceits, uncovering a web of personal and political scandals that come crashing together. you get tough. you get tender. you get close to each other. maybe you even get close to the truth. chinatown"
"day the earth stood still, the spacecraft flying saucer peace remote control ufo giant robot social commentary black and white military physics professor humanity alien technology mathematical equation an alien and a robot land on earth after world war ii and tell mankind to be peaceful or face destruction. a classic science fiction film from robert wise with an exceptional message. from out of space... a warning and an ultimatum the day the earth stood still"
"treasure of the sierra madre, the mexico based on novel or book gold gold rush greed gold mine friends money american bandit dead mule prospector 1920s fred c. dobbs and bob curtin, both down on their luck in tampico, mexico in 1925, meet up with a grizzled prospector named howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central mexico. through enormous difficulties, they eventually succeed in finding gold, but bandits, the elements, and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster. the nearer they get to their treasure, the farther they get from the law. the treasure of the sierra madre"
duck soup dictator spy ambassador siege widow slapstick cigar smoking lemonade musical number pre-code dowager geofiction rufus t. firefly is named president/dictator of bankrupt freedonia and declares war on neighboring sylvania over the love of wealthy mrs. teasdale. war is swell ...when the marx brothers are in it. they ll be out of the trenches by christmas...if the food doesn t improve duck soup
"better off dead... duck nerd paperboy snow skiing aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger lane meyer is obsessed with his girlfriend beth and is crushed when she falls for the new captain of the ski team, roy. after several failed suicide attempts, narrow escapes from the relentless paper boy, and nearly unbearable dinners at home with his crazy family, lane finds a new love in french exchange student monique junot. meanwhile, he must beat roy on the slopes to regain his honor. i’ve been going to this high school for seven and a half years … i’m no dummy. better off dead..."
"shining, the hotel montana isolation hotelier oregon colorado maze bartender ax delusion loneliness caretaker vision snow writer alcoholic cult film snowed in off season ghost child jack torrance accepts a caretaker job at the overlook hotel, where he, along with his wife wendy and their son danny, must live isolated from the rest of the world for the winter. but they aren t prepared for the madness that lurks within. a masterpiece of modern horror. the shining"
"stand by me based on novel or book oregon friendship coming of age railroad track story within the story flipping coin campfire story normandy beach child 1950s boys coin toss after the death of a friend, a writer recounts a boyhood journey to find the body of a missing boy. for some, it s the last real taste of innocence, and the first real taste of life. stand by me"
evil dead ii  dead by dawn  deer blood splatter tape recorder chainsaw spirit violence over the top cult film book of the dead evil dead eyeball necronomicon tarmac meat cleaver ash williams and his girlfriend linda find a log cabin in the woods with a voice recording from an archeologist who had recorded himself reciting ancient chants from  the book of the dead.  as they play the recording an evil power is unleashed taking over linda s body. the sequel to the ultimate experience in grueling terror evil dead ii
"great escape, the world war ii prisoner of war allied prisoners tunnel out of a stalag, then return to avenge fellow escapees executed by the nazis.  the great escape ii: the untold story"
"deer hunter, the suicide vietnam veteran post traumatic stress  disorder pennsylvania vietnam saigon party russian roulette escape wedding deer hunting steel worker friend viet cong a group of working-class friends decides to enlist in the army during the vietnam war and finds it to be hellish chaos -- not the noble venture they imagined. before they left, steven married his pregnant girlfriend -- and michael and nick were in love with the same woman. but all three are different men upon their return.  the deer hunter"
"groundhog day deja vu groundhog weather forecast telecaster pennsylvania alarm clock winter time warp time loop cult film existentialism groundhog day a narcissistic t.v. weatherman, along with his attractive-but-distant producer and mawkish cameraman, is sent to report on groundhog day in the small town of punxsutawney, where he finds himself repeating the same day over and over. he’s having the worst day of his life … over, and over … groundhog day"
"unforgiven prostitute sheriff bounty regret wyoming right and justice kansas revenge mutilation one last job reputation 19th century englishman pig farmer william munny is a retired, once-ruthless killer turned gentle widower and hog farmer. to help support his two motherless children, he accepts one last bounty-hunter mission to find the men who brutalized a prostitute. joined by his former partner and a cocky greenhorn, he takes on a corrupt sheriff. some legends will never be forgotten. some wrongs can never be forgiven. unforgiven"
"manchurian candidate, the cold war communist korean war step parents conspiracy brainwashed assassin brainwashing election presidential candidate sleeper agent queen of diamonds near the end of the korean war, a platoon of u.s. soldiers is captured by communists and brainwashed. following the war, the platoon is returned home, and sergeant raymond shaw is lauded as a hero by the rest of his platoon. however, the platoon commander, captain bennett marco, finds himself plagued by strange nightmares and soon races to uncover a terrible plot. when you ve seen it all, you ll swear there s never been anything like it! the manchurian candidate"
"arsenic and old lace poison cemetery cellar halloween marriage insanity murder serial killer writer corpse critic mortimer brewster, a newspaper drama critic, playwright and author known for his diatribes against marriage, suddenly falls in love and gets married;  but when he makes a quick trip home to tell his two maiden aunts, he finds out his aunts  hobby - killing lonely old men and burying them in the cellar! she passed out on cary! no wonder . . . she s just discovered his favorite aunts have poisoned their 13th gentleman friend! arsenic and old lace"
"back to the future clock tower car race terrorist delorean lightning guitar plutonium sports car inventor journey in the past invention time travel race against time partner misfit mad scientist fish out of water teenage love destiny hidden identity odd couple escapade disorder chases and races love and romance teenage life misfit partners changing the past or future getting home eighties teenager marty mcfly is accidentally sent back in time to 1955, inadvertently disrupting his parents  first meeting and attracting his mother s romantic interest. marty must repair the damage to history by rekindling his parents  romance and - with the help of his eccentric inventor friend doc brown - return to 1985. he s the only kid ever to get into trouble before he was born. back to the future"
"fried green tomatoes southern usa based on novel or book alabama cafe bee nursing home tomboy amidst her own personality crisis, southern housewife evelyn couch meets ninny, an outgoing old woman who tells her the story of idgie threadgoode and ruth jamison, two young women who experienced hardships and love in whistle stop, alabama in the 1920s. the secret of life? the secret s in the sauce. fried green tomatoes"
"patton general world war ii normandy biography historical figure d-day dead soldier tank steel helmet destiny allies  patton  tells the tale of general george s. patton, famous tank commander of world war ii. the film begins with patton s career in north africa and progresses through the invasion of germany and the fall of the third reich. side plots also speak of patton s numerous faults such his temper and habit towards insubordination. the rebel warrior patton"
akira  a secret military project endangers neo-tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psychic psychopath that only two teenagers and a group of psychics can stop.  akira
highlander new york scotland swordplay sword immortality cult film he fought his first battle on the scottish highlands in 1536. he will fight his greatest battle on the streets of new york city in 1986. his name is connor macleod. he is immortal. there can be only one. highlander
"cool hand luke prison rebel loss of loved one based on novel or book florida harassment imprisonment dying and death boxing match escape barbed wire death prison farm when petty criminal luke jackson is sentenced to two years in a florida prison farm, he doesn t play by the rules of either the sadistic warden or the yard s resident heavy, dragline, who ends up admiring the new guy s unbreakable will. luke s bravado, even in the face of repeated stints in the prison s dreaded solitary confinement cell,  the box,  make him a rebel hero to his fellow convicts and a thorn in the side of the prison officers. what we ve got here is failure to communicate. cool hand luke"
"cyrano de bergerac new love inferiority complex fencing nose poet based on play or musical 17th century embarrassed by his large nose, a romantic poet/soldier romances his cousin by proxy.  cyrano de bergerac"
"young frankenstein experiment castle assistant bride laboratory mad scientist mobster spoof horror spoof scientist a young neurosurgeon inherits the castle of his grandfather, the famous dr. victor von frankenstein. in the castle he finds a funny hunchback, a pretty lab assistant and the elderly housekeeper. young frankenstein believes that the work of his grandfather was delusional, but when he discovers the book where the mad doctor described his reanimation experiment, he suddenly changes his mind. the scariest comedy of all time! young frankenstein"
"fantasia orchestra classical music musical segments walt disney s timeless masterpiece is an extravaganza of sight and sound! see the music come to life, hear the pictures burst into song and experience the excitement that is fantasia over and over again. the most sensational sound you ll ever see! fantasia"
"high noon gunslinger showdown fistfight shootout morality u.s. marshal battle justice one against many quick draw brawl ticking clock will kane, the sheriff of a small town in new mexico, learns a notorious outlaw he put in jail has been freed, and will be arriving on the noon train. knowing the outlaw and his gang are coming to kill him, kane is determined to stand his ground, so he gathers a posse from among the local townspeople. the story of a man who was too proud to run. high noon"
"big sleep, the poison gambling detective blackmail sister murder private investigator los angeles drug addict private detective book store philip marlowe missing person prank telephone call wealthy family private investigator philip marlowe is hired by wealthy general sternwood regarding a matter involving his youngest daughter carmen. before the complex case is over, marlowe sees murder, blackmail, deception, and what might be love. the picture they were born for! the big sleep"
"heathers suicide diary friendship high school dark comedy clique a girl who halfheartedly tries to be part of the  in crowd  of her school meets a rebel who teaches her a more devious way to play social politics: by killing the popular kids. best friends, social trends, and occasional murder. heathers"
"ben-hur roman prince chariot race jerusalem ancient rome governor politics epic friends remake revenge jewish galley sea battle galley slave 1st century judah ben-hur, a palestinian jew, is battling the roman empire at the time of christ. his actions send him and his family into slavery, but an inspirational encounter with jesus changes everything. he finally meets his rival in a justly famous chariot race and rescues his suffering family. the entertainment experience of a lifetime. ben-hur"
"this is spinal tap rock star groupie mockumentary cult film music band aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger amplifier  this is spinal tap  shines a light on the self-contained universe of a metal band struggling to get back on the charts, including everything from its complicated history of ups and downs, gold albums, name changes and undersold concert dates, along with the full host of requisite groupies, promoters, hangers-on and historians, sessions, release events and those special behind-the-scenes moments that keep it all real. prepare to crank those amps up to eleven this is spinal tap"
"indiana jones and the last crusade germany saving the world venice, italy holy grail library riddle parent child relationship whip treasure nazi entrapment crusader father treasure hunt escape tank order of the templars desert archaeologist indiana jones archeology  1930s when dr. henry jones sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the holy grail, eminent archaeologist indiana must team up with marcus brody, sallah and elsa schneider to follow in his father s footsteps and stop the nazis from recovering the power of eternal life. the man with the hat is back. and this time, he s bringing his dad. indiana jones and the last crusade"
"being there washington d.c. usa president identity policy and organisations autism impotence botanist a simple-minded gardener named chance has spent all his life in the washington d.c. house of an old man. when the man dies, chance is put out on the street with no knowledge of the world except what he has learned from television. getting there is half the fun; being there is all of it! being there"
"gandhi muslim demonstration world war ii imprisonment release from prison hunger strike colony hindu independence british army political negotiations conference nonviolent resistance apartheid british empire protest independence movement strike biography freedom prayer based on a true story in the early years of the 20th century, mohandas k. gandhi, a british-trained lawyer, forsakes all worldly possessions to take up the cause of indian independence. faced with armed resistance from the british government, gandhi adopts a policy of  passive resistance , endeavouring to win freedom for his people without resorting to bloodshed. his triumph changed the world forever. gandhi"
m*a*s*h american football daily life surgeon american  way of life korean war dark comedy military spoof doctor surgery 1950s irreverent the staff of a korean war field hospital use humor and high jinks to keep their sanity in the face of the horror of war. m*a*s*h gives a d*a*m*n. m*a*s*h
"room with a view, a based on novel or book tennis kiss bed and breakfast place surrey florence skinny dipping spinster edwardian england early 1900s when lucy honeychurch and chaperon charlotte bartlett find themselves in florence with rooms without views, fellow guests mr emerson and son george step in to remedy the situation. meeting the emersons could change lucy s life forever but, once back in england, how will her experiences in tuscany affect her marriage plans?  a room with a view"
"real genius laser genius boy genius ego teen comedy science usaf computer cracker woman director chris is the top brain who just wants to party, mitch is the 15-year-old college wiz kid. supposedly hard at work on a lab project with a mysterious deadline, they still find time to use their genius to discover new ways to have fun. who else can turn lasers into light shows, aircraft into armchairs, and high-tech into hijinks? real genius"
pink floyd - the wall berlin wall paranoia wall music cult film adult animation a troubled rock star descends into madness in the midst of his physical and social isolation from everyone. the memories. the madness. the music... the movie. pink floyd: the wall
"killing fields, the civil war journalist based on novel or book photographer 1970s vietnam cambodia killing fields red khmer pol pot pulitzer prize embassy based on a true story genocide the killing fields tells the real-life story of a friendship between two journalists, an american and a cambodian, during the bloody khmer rouge takeover of cambodia in 1975, which led to the death of 2-3 million cambodians during the next four years, until pol pot s regime was toppled by the intervening vietnamese in 1979. here, only the silent survive. the killing fields"
"my life as a dog  mitt liv som hund  underdog based on novel or book sweden uncle loneliness rural setting dog tomboy 1950s boxing a boy, obsessed with comparing himself with those less fortunate, experiences a different life at the home of his aunt and uncle in 1959 sweden.  mitt liv som hund"
"forbidden planet flying saucer misanthrophy space alien planet rescue mission robot electronic music score sabotage alien civilization mysterious deaths lone survivor extinct race invisible monster the id ray weapons mind enhancement atomic power plant romantic triangle creation of matter captain adams and the crew of the starship c57d travel to planet altair 4 in search of the spaceship  bellerophon  that has been missing for 20 years. to their surprise, they are expected. earthmen on a fabulous, peril-journey into outer space! forbidden planet"
"field of dreams regret based on novel or book baseball iowa miracle farm sport road trip author doctor cornfield recluse pta ghost reconciliation hearing voices school board ray kinsella is an iowa farmer who hears a mysterious voice telling him to turn his cornfield into a baseball diamond. he does, but the voice s directions don t stop -- even after the spirits of deceased ballplayers turn up to play. if you believe the impossible, the incredible can come true. field of dreams"
"butch cassidy and the sundance kid dynamite bolivia male friendship on the run shootout train robbery posse last stand escape plan western bandits in late 1890s wyoming, butch cassidy is the affable, clever and talkative leader of the outlaw hole in the wall gang. his closest companion is the laconic dead-shot  sundance kid . as the west rapidly becomes civilized, the law finally catches up to butch, sundance and their gang.  chased doggedly by a special posse, the two decide to make their way to south america in hopes of evading their pursuers once and for all. not that it matters, but most of it is true. butch cassidy and the sundance kid"
"when harry met sally... new york husband wife relationship restaurant platonic love orgasm friendship diner new york city central park central park new york city during their travel from chicago to new york, harry and sally debate whether or not sex ruins a friendship between a man and a woman. eleven years later, and they re still no closer to finding the answer. can two friends sleep together and still love each other in the morning? when harry met sally..."
"alien� prison android spacecraft imprisonment space colony space travel rottweiler dystopia sequel space alien redemption planet shaved head crash landing impregnation penal colony furnace suspended animation xenomorph after escaping with newt and hicks from the alien planet, ripley crash lands on fiorina 161, a prison planet and host to a correctional facility. unfortunately, although newt and hicks do not survive the crash, a more unwelcome visitor does. the prison does not allow weapons of any kind, and with aid being a long time away, the prisoners must simply survive in any way they can. the bitch is back. alien³"
"american werewolf in london, an london, england nurse loss of loved one intensive care zoo dying and death transformation full moon black humor pub london underground yorkshire rural setting werewolf cult film british pub dream sequence hikers moors animal horror two american tourists in england are attacked by a werewolf that none of the locals will admit exists. beware the moon. an american werewolf in london"
"amityville horror, the amityville horror the demonic force lurking in amityville for over 300 years escapes to a remote california mansion. it encounters a struggling family living together by uncertain means. the beast manipulates a little girl by manifesting itself in the form of her dead father. soon it will be able to possess her completely... is it too late for a young priest to defeat the demon and end the curse? a new home, a new family, the terror returns amityville: the evil escapes"
"birds, the pet shop seclusion playground seagull fireplace bird attack socialite based on short story practical joke schoolteacher lovebird shopkeeper unsolved mystery schoolhouse chic socialite melanie daniels enjoys a passing flirtation with an eligible attorney in a san francisco pet shop and, on an impulse, follows him to his hometown bearing a gift of lovebirds. but upon her arrival, the bird population runs amok. suddenly, the townsfolk face a massive avian onslaught, with the feathered fiends inexplicably attacking people all over bodega bay. ...and remember, the next scream you hear may be your own! the birds"
"blob, the small town film in film blob cult film missing person good cop bad cop space monster teenage hero kid brother monster film teenage heroine unkillable monster people eater night of horror highschool kids skeptical adults learning to listen a drive-in favorite, this sci-fi classic follows teenagers steve and his best girl, jane, as they try to protect their hometown from a gelatinous alien life form that engulfs everything it touches. the first to discover the substance and live to tell about it, steve and jane witness the blob destroying an elderly man and grow to a terrifying size. but no one else has seen the goo, and policeman dave refuses to believe the kids without proof. it crawls. it creeps. it eats you alive! the blob"
bram stoker s dracula  making  bram stoker s dracula  by francis ford coppola.  making  bram stoker s dracula 
"cape fear prison child abuse rape small town daughter police remake revenge lawyer cigar smoking fear dog rapist sam bowden is a small-town corporate attorney. max cady is a tattooed, cigar-smoking, bible-quoting, psychotic rapist. what do they have in common? fourteen years ago, sam was a public defender assigned to max cady s rape trial, and he made a serious error: he hid a document from his illiterate client that could have gotten him acquitted. now, the cagey, bibliophile cady has been released, and he intends to teach sam bowden and his family a thing or two about loss. there is nothing in the dark that isn t there in the light. except fear. cape fear"
"cape fear poison small town boat ex-detainee psychopath lawyer girl dog family listening to the radio film noir sam bowden witnesses a rape committed by max cady and testifies against him. when released after 8 years in prison, cady begins stalking bowden and his family but is always clever enough not to violate the law. now he had only one weapon left—murder! … to prevent an even more shocking crime! cape fear"
"carrie based on novel or book cemetery isolation stage bible telekinesis revenge unrequited love prom teacher school religion cruelty extreme violence rage humiliation crucifix praying outsider taunting abusive mother firestorm carrie white, a shy and troubled teenage girl who is tormented by her high school peers and her fanatically religious mother, begins to use her powers of telekinesis to exact revenge upon them. if you ve got a taste for terror… take carrie to the prom. carrie"
"nightmare on elm street, a martial arts dream nightmare supernatural high school resurrection sequel diner alcoholic disfigurement dream demon freddy krueger is resurrected from his apparent demise, and rapidly tracks down and kills the remainder of the elm street kids. however, kristen, who can draw others into her dreams, wills her special ability to her friend alice. alice soon realizes that freddy is taking advantage of that unknown power to pull a new group of children into his foul domain. terror beyond your wildest dreams. a nightmare on elm street 4: the dream master"
"omen, the monk prophecy ambassador nanny rottweiler devil s son revelation animal attack photography anti-christ priest decapitation paranormal phenomena cowardliness baboon archaeologist immediately after their miscarriage, the us diplomat robert thorn adopts the newborn damien without the knowledge of his wife. yet what he doesn’t know is that their new son is the son of the devil. it is the greatest mystery of all because no human being will ever solve it. the omen"
"star trek: first contact federation borg enterprise-e cyborg montana resistance inventor repayment obsession time travel speed of light business start-up space opera first contact the borg, a relentless race of cyborgs, are on a direct course for earth. violating orders to stay away from the battle, captain picard and the crew of the newly-commissioned uss enterprise e pursue the borg back in time to prevent the invaders from changing federation history and assimilating the galaxy. resistance is futile. star trek: first contact"
"shine letter jumping child prodigy biography australia pianist concert hall breakdown piano pianist david helfgott, driven by his father and teachers, has a breakdown. years later he returns to the piano, to popular if not critical acclaim. a true story of the mystery of music and the miracle of love shine"
"sling blade arkansas independent film repair shop southern death threat story religious art father figure intellectual disability karl childers is a mentally disabled man who has been in the custody of the state mental hospital since the age of 12 for killing his mother and her lover. although thoroughly institutionalized, karl is deemed fit to be released into the outside world. a simple man. a difficult choice. sling blade"
"101 dalmatians london, england fur fashion designer puppy fur coat based on children s book dog dalmatian female villain live action remake the live action adaptation of a disney classic. when a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of cruella de vil, the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. so many dogs. so little time. 101 dalmatians"
"die hard 2 ambush helicopter journalist based on novel or book airport hand grenade fistfight cop sequel snow dulles international airport shootout officer involved shooting terrorism explosion church violence sabotage walkie talkie swat team air traffic control commando unit snowmobile off-duty cop john mcclane is gripped with a feeling of déjà vu when, on a snowy christmas eve in the nation’s capital, terrorists seize a major international airport, holding thousands of holiday travelers hostage. renegade military commandos led by a murderous rogue officer plot to rescue a drug lord from justice and are prepared for every contingency except one: mcclane’s smart-mouthed heroics. die harder die hard 2"
"star trek: the motion picture artificial intelligence uss enterprise san francisco self sacrifice spacecraft klingon space opera when a destructive space entity is spotted approaching earth, admiral kirk resumes command of the starship enterprise in order to intercept, examine, and hopefully stop it. the human adventure is just beginning. star trek: the motion picture"
"star trek vi: the undiscovered country farewell federation peace conference uss enterprise-a rura penthe court case peace contract plan klingon space opera on the eve of retirement, kirk and mccoy are charged with assassinating the klingon high chancellor and imprisoned. the enterprise crew must help them escape to thwart a conspiracy aimed at sabotaging the last best hope for peace. the battle for peace has begun. star trek vi: the undiscovered country"
star trek v: the final frontier federation uss enterprise-a loss of loved one self sacrifice hostage liberation of hostage romulans klingon space opera el capitan capt. kirk and his crew must deal with mr. spock s half brother who kidnaps three diplomats and hijacks the enterprise in his obsessive search for god. adventure and imagination will meet at the final frontier. star trek v: the final frontier
star trek: the wrath of khan uss enterprise genesis asteroid self sacrifice midlife crisis terraforming simulator cadet radiation uss reliant ceti alpha v genetics space opera admiral james t. kirk is feeling old; the prospect of accompanying his old ship the enterprise on a two week cadet cruise is not making him feel any younger. but the training cruise becomes a life or death struggle when khan escapes from years of exile and captures the power of creation itself. at the end of the universe lies the beginning of vengeance. star trek ii: the wrath of khan
star trek iii: the search for spock uss enterprise genesis friendship klingon space opera admiral kirk and his bridge crew risk their careers stealing the decommissioned enterprise to return to the restricted genesis planet to recover spock s body. a dying planet. a fight for life. star trek iii: the search for spock
"star trek iv: the voyage home saving the world san francisco uss enterprise-a time travel whale marine biologist space opera fugitives of the federation for their daring rescue of spock from the doomed genesis planet, admiral kirk  william shatner  and his crew begin their journey home to face justice for their actions. but as they near earth, they find it at the mercy of a mysterious alien presence whose signals are slowly destroying the planet. in a desperate attempt to answer the call of the probe, kirk and his crew race back to the late twentieth century. however they soon find the world they once knew to be more alien than anything they ve encountered in the far reaches of the galaxy! the key to saving the future can only be found in the past. star trek iv: the voyage home"
"batman returns holiday corruption double life dc comics crime fighter fictional place hallucination christmas tree vigilante superhero violence dark hero super power super villain deformed bird cage evil circus christmas having defeated the joker, batman now faces the penguin—a warped and deformed individual who is intent on being accepted into gotham society, with the help of max schreck, a crooked businessman, whom he coerces into helping him run for the position of mayor of gotham, while they both attempt to frame batman in a different light. batman must attempt to clear his name, all while also deciding just what must be done with the mysterious catwoman slinking about. the bat, the cat, the penguin. batman returns"
"young guns corruption sheriff deputy sheriff ranch billy the kid outlaw neighbor a group of young gunmen, led by billy the kid, become deputies to avenge the murder of the rancher who became their benefactor. but when billy takes their authority too far, they become the hunted. six reasons why the west was wild. young guns"
"young guns ii prison mexico prostitute sheriff mexican standoff billy the kid outlaw sequel native american escape cowboy three of the original five  young guns  — billy the kid  emilio estevez , jose chavez y chavez  lou diamond phillips , and doc scurlock  kiefer sutherland  — return in young guns, part 2, which is the story of billy the kid and his race to safety in old mexico while being trailed by a group of government agents led by pat garrett. yoo-hoo, i ll make ya famous! young guns ii"
"grease flying car street gang running car race graduation musical rivalry dance competition based on play or musical gossip makeover nostalgic greaser wolf whistle school dance animated credits pep rally wrong side of the tracks mooning school principal 1950s australian good girl sandy and greaser danny fell in love over the summer. but when they unexpectedly discover they re now in the same high school, will they be able to rekindle their romance despite their eccentric friends? grease is the word grease"
"under siege cook war ship mercenary nuclear missile hostage-taking this action-packed thriller takes place on the soon-to-be-decommissioned uss missouri. disgruntled ex-cia operative strannix, his assistant krill and their group of terrorists seize the battleship with nuclear blackmail in mind. they ve planned for every contingency but ignore the ship s cook, former navy seal casey ryback -- an error that could be fatal. it s not a job... it s an adventure! under siege"
"jaws based on novel or book beach fishing atlantic ocean bathing shipwreck shark attack police chief ferry boat dying and death long island dead child skinny dipping shark great white shark dead dog child killed by animal severed leg fishing boat animal horror when an insatiable great white shark terrorizes the townspeople of amity island, the police chief, an oceanographer and a grizzled shark hunter seek to destroy the blood-thirsty beast. don t go in the water. jaws"
jaws 2 mayor island shark attack police chief sailing boat accident dying and death panic current animal attack sequel rescue scuba diving teenager shark great white shark killer whale high-tension current water skiing tourism police chief brody must protect the citizens of amity after a second monstrous shark begins terrorizing the waters. just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water... jaws 2
"mars attacks! saving the world total destruction the white house mars usa president cataclysm laser gun ambassador congress pest flying saucer alien invasion  we come in peace  is not what those green men from mars mean when they invade our planet, armed with irresistible weapons and a cruel sense of humor.  this star studded cast must play victim to the alien’s fun and games in this comedy homage to science fiction films of the  50s and  60s. nice planet. we ll take it! mars attacks!"
"jerry maguire american football stadium career sport single mother sports agent jerry maguire used to be a typical sports agent: willing to do just about anything he could to get the biggest possible contracts for his clients, plus a nice commission for himself. then, one day, he suddenly has second thoughts about what he s really doing. when he voices these doubts, he ends up losing his job and all of his clients, save rod tidwell, an egomaniacal football player. everybody loved him... everybody disappeared. jerry maguire"
raising arizona baby supermarket arizona pregnancy the coen brothers tell the story of a absurd yet likable family with an unproductive couple as the focal point. the couple has gotten themselves into some trouble while kidnapping a baby and give hollywood one of the most memorable chase scenes to date. their lawless years are behind them. their child-rearing years lay ahead... raising arizona
"sneakers hacker mathematician assignment company when shadowy u.s. intelligence agents blackmail a reformed computer hacker and his eccentric team of security experts into stealing a code-breaking  black box  from a soviet-funded genius, they uncover a bigger conspiracy. now, he and his  sneakers  must save themselves and the world economy by retrieving the box from their blackmailers. we could tell you what it s about. but then, of course, we d have to kill you. sneakers"
"beavis and butt-head do america washington d.c. casino hotel sun television sperm based on tv series las vegas swat team adult animation road movie mike judge s slacker duo, beavis and butt-head, wake to discover their tv has been stolen. their search for a new one takes them on a clueless adventure across america where they manage to accidentally become america s most wanted. coming to a screen bigger than your tv. beavis and butt-head do america"
"scream riddle small town halloween high school house party gore serial killer masked killer slasher tabloid news reporter self-referential meta film movie night a killer known as ghostface begins killing off teenagers, and as the body count begins rising, one girl and her friends find themselves contemplating the  rules  of horror films as they find themselves living in a real-life one. someone has taken their love of scary movies one step too far. scream"
"last of the mohicans, the secret love mohawk native american 18th century french and indian war early america as the british and french soldiers battle for control of the american colonies in the 18th century, the settlers and native americans are forced to take sides. cora and her sister alice unwittingly walk into trouble but are reluctantly saved by hawkeye, an orphaned settler adopted by the last of the mohicans. the first american hero. the last of the mohicans"
michael angel vice road trip reporter dog woman director archangel michael tabloid reporters are sent by their editor to investigate after the paper recieves a letter from a woman claiming an angel is living with her. he s an angel... not a saint. michael
"hamlet mother william shakespeare denmark loss of loved one prince based on play or musical madness hamlet, prince of denmark, returns home to find his father murdered and his mother now marrying the murderer... his uncle. meanwhile, war is brewing.  hamlet"
"dante s peak helicopter small town mayor evacuation motel lava volcano cabin lovers natural disaster partnership volcanologist rescue explosion scientist seismograph volcanic eruption rowboat catastrophe acid county fair abandoned mine volcanic ash volcanologist harry dalton comes to the sleepy town of dante s peak to investigate the recent rumblings of the dormant volcano the burg is named for. before long, his worst fears are realized when a massive eruption hits, and immediately, harry, the mayor and the townspeople find themselves fighting for their lives amid a catastrophic nightmare. the pressure is building... dante s peak"
benny & joon sibling relationship autism car garage a mentally ill young woman finds her love in an eccentric man who models himself after buster keaton. a romance on the brink of reality. benny & joon
"waiting for guffman missouri mechanic in the closet mockumentary improvisation whispering travel agent amateur theater alien contact city council chinese restaurant product licensing corky st. clair is a director, actor and dancer in blaine, missouri. when it comes time to celebrate blaine s 150th anniversary, corky resolves to bring down the house in broadway style. there s a good reason some talent remains undiscovered. waiting for guffman"
"absolute power corruption assassination washington d.c. rape the white house usa president daughter government secret service secret service agent a master thief coincidentally is robbing a house where a murder—in which the president of the united states is involved—occurs in front of his eyes. he is forced to run, while holding evidence that could convict the president. corrupts absolutely. absolute power"
donnie brasco undercover colombia mafia mobster dirty cop card playing informant stealing money marriage counselor shaving cream an fbi undercover agent infilitrates the mob and finds himself identifying more with the mafia life at the expense of his regular one. based on a true story. donnie brasco
"private parts sexuality becoming an adult eroticism radio jew private life erection youth woman director the auto-biographical story of howard stern, the radio-rebel who is now also a tv-personality, an author and a movie star. never before has a man done so much with so little. private parts"
"saint, the berlin germany russia gas master thief the saint a russian mafia boss who wants to create an oil crisis in moscow—and seize power as a result—sends simon templar to england to steel the secret formula for cold fusion from u.s. scientist, emma russell. never reveal your name. never turn your back. never surrender your heart. the saint"
"liar liar california workaholic birthday lie pregnancy wish truth fletcher reede is a fast-talking attorney and habitual liar. when his son max blows out the candles on his fifth birthday he has just one wish - that his dad will stop lying for 24 hours. when max s wish comes true, fletcher discovers that his mouth has suddenly become his biggest liability. trust me. liar liar"
"anaconda movie business amazon jungle anaconda killer snake riverboat amazon river animal horror a  national geographic  film crew is taken hostage by an insane hunter, who takes them along on his quest to capture the world s largest - and deadliest - snake. when you can t breathe you can t scream. anaconda"
"grosse pointe blank michigan radio station hitman therapist psychopath reunion union high school reunion old girlfriend cartel gun fight coming home martin blank is a freelance hitman who starts to develop a conscience, which causes him to botch a couple of routine assignments. on the advice of his secretary and his psychiatrist, he decides to attend his 10 year high school reunion in grosse pointe, michigan. even a hit man deserves a second shot. grosse pointe blank"
"romy and michele s high school reunion smoking overweight child graduation marriage high school cafeteria party prom best friend fashion alcoholic car trouble disabled high school reunion social outcast ruse two not-too-bright party girls reinvent themselves for their high school reunion. armed with a borrowed jaguar, new clothes and the story of their success as the inventors of post-it notes, romy and michele descend on their alma mater, but their façade crumbles quickly. the blonde leading the blonde. romy and michele s high school reunion"
"austin powers: international man of mystery android undercover missile group therapy airplane time travel penthouse apartment judo trapdoor clowning telescope swinging james bond spoof swinging 60s as a swingin  fashion photographer by day and a groovy british superagent by night, austin powers is the  60s  most shagadelic spy, baby! but can he stop megalomaniac dr. evil after the bald villain freezes himself and unthaws in the  90s? with the help of sexy sidekick vanessa kensington, he just might. if he were any cooler, he d still be frozen, baby! austin powers: international man of mystery"
"breakdown california bank ransom car breakdown kidnapping donut highway barn vacation stranded deception murder redneck diner extortion captive car chase desert truck driver when his suv breaks down on a remote southwestern road, jeff taylor lets his wife, amy, hitch a ride with a trucker to get help. when she doesn t return, jeff fixes his suv and tracks down the trucker -- who tells the police he s never seen amy. johnathan mostow s tense thriller then follows jeff s desperate search for his wife, which eventually uncovers a small town s murderous secret. it could happen to you. breakdown"
"fifth element, the clone taxi cyborg egypt future stowaway space travel race against time arms dealer love alien priest end of the world good vs evil shootout police chase cab driver new york city cult film archaeologist space opera military opera singer resort hotel ancient evil cruise liner in 2257, a taxi driver is unintentionally given the task of saving a young girl who is part of the key that will ensure the survival of humanity. there is no future without it. the fifth element"
"shall we dance?  shall we dansu?  jealousy husband wife relationship dancing master love dance studio upon first sight of a beautiful instructor, a bored and overworked estate lawyer signs up for ballroom dancing lessons. step out of the ordinary shall we dance?"
"lost world: jurassic park, the exotic island dna paleontology tyrannosaurus rex velociraptor san diego dinosaur jurassic park animal horror four years after jurassic park s genetically bred dinosaurs ran amok, multimillionaire john hammond shocks chaos theorist ian malcolm by revealing that hammond has been breeding more beasties at a secret location. malcolm, his paleontologist ladylove and a wildlife videographer join an expedition to document the lethal lizards  natural behavior in this action-packed thriller. something has survived. the lost world: jurassic park"
"con air prison ambush helicopter airport gas station undercover mexican standoff bravery hijacking escape shootout u.s. marshal las vegas explosion brutality violence convict desert war hero dea agent motorcycle chase when the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket, it s asking for trouble. before you can say,  pass the barf bag,  the crooks control the plane, led by creepy cyrus  the virus  grissom. watching his every move is the just-released cameron poe, who d rather reunite with his family. they were deadly on the ground; now they have wings con air"
"speed 2: cruise control diamond boat cruise computer disaster collision course sandra bullock and jason patric star as a young couple whose dream cruise turns to terror when a lunatic computer genius  willem dafoe  sets a new course for destruction. as the stakes get higher, the ride gets even faster. speed 2: cruise control"
"batman & robin double life dc comics dual identity crime fighter fictional place superhero credit card super power along with crime-fighting partner robin and new recruit batgirl, batman battles the dual threat of frosty genius mr. freeze and homicidal horticulturalist poison ivy. freeze plans to put gotham city on ice, while ivy tries to drive a wedge between the dynamic duo. strength. courage. honor. and loyalty. batman & robin"
"hercules  hercules, when returning to the city of thebes, finds his home devastated and his family missing. after cursing the gods, they send him on the most impossible of journeys where he must battle mythical creatures and monsters of legends.  hercules"
"my best friend s wedding chicago new love love of one s life restaurant critic man-woman relation secret love wedding reception wedding relationship sabotage rehearsal dinner when she receives word that her longtime platonic pal michael o neal is getting married to debutante kimberly wallace, food critic julianne potter realizes her true feelings for michael -- and sets out to sabotage the wedding. it s about finding the love of your life. and deciding what to do about it. my best friend s wedding"
"face/off undercover mexican standoff fbi biological weapon face transplant rage and hate fistfight hostility revenge deception prison escape flashback tragedy shootout hospital boat chase los angeles explosion extreme violence criminal gang golden gun arch villain bullet ballet an antiterrorism agent goes under the knife to acquire the likeness of a terrorist and gather details about a bombing plot. when the terrorist escapes custody, he undergoes surgery to look like the agent so he can get close to the agent s family. in order to catch him, he must become him. face/off"
"men in black secret identity undercover space marine illegal immigration deportation new identity giant cockroach cannon flying saucer stay permit alien fictional government agency after a police chase with an otherworldly being, a new york city cop is recruited as an agent in a top-secret organization established to monitor and police alien activity on earth: the men in black. agent kay and new recruit agent jay find themselves in the middle of a deadly plot by an intergalactic terrorist who has arrived on earth to assassinate two ambassadors from opposing galaxies. protecting the earth from the scum of the universe. men in black"
"contact based on novel or book nasa new mexico extraterrestrial technology prime number star radio wave wormhole fanatic spirituality religion scientist sabotage ham radio alien contact mechanical engineering observatory eccentric man radio telescope contact is a science fiction film about an encounter with alien intelligence. based on the novel by carl sagan the film starred jodie foster as the one chosen scientist who must make some difficult decisions between her beliefs, the truth, and reality. if it s just us, it seems like an awful waste of space. contact"
g.i. jane poem middle east helicopter satellite navy sexism war army sexual harassment navy seal feminist soldier commando mental health drill instructor military us military army base reconnaissance sexual discrimination a female senator succeeds in enrolling a woman into combined reconnaissance team training where everyone expects her to fail. failure is not an option. g.i. jane
"conan the barbarian gladiator repayment despot barbarian sword and sorcery a film adaptation of the classic sword and sorcery hero, conan the barbarian. a horde of rampaging warriors massacre the parents of young conan and enslave the young child for years on the wheel of pain. as the sole survivor of the childhood massacre, conan is released from slavery and taught the ancient arts of fighting. transforming himself into a killing machine, conan travels into the wilderness to seek vengeance on thulsa doom, the man responsible for killing his family. in the wilderness, conan takes up with the thieves valeria and subotai. the group comes upon king osric, who wants the trio of warriors to help rescue his daughter who has joined doom in the hills. thief. warrior. gladiator. king. conan the barbarian"
"cop land corruption new jersey handcuffs fbi bridge police burned alive murder car crash independent film bad cop arson dirty cop internal affairs police corruption car accident new york city violence nypd world trade center jumping off a bridge freddy heflin is the sheriff of a place everyone calls “cop land” — a small and seemingly peaceful town populated by the big city police officers he’s long admired. yet something ugly is taking place behind the town’s peaceful facade. and when freddy uncovers a massive, deadly conspiracy among these local residents, he is forced to take action and make a dangerous choice between protecting his idols and upholding the law. no one is above the law. cop land"
"event horizon space marine nightmare hallucination cryogenics space travel black hole insanity delusion crew alternate dimension flashback evil spirit hellgate religion explosion violence burning man rescue team super power trapped in space distress signal in 2047 a group of astronauts are sent to investigate and salvage the starship  event horizon  which disappeared mysteriously 7 years before on its maiden voyage. with its return, the crew of the  lewis and clark  discovers the real truth behind the disappearance of the  event horizon  – and something even more terrifying. infinite space - infinite terror event horizon"
"spawn anti hero secret agent fistfight based on comic burn victim after being murdered by corrupt colleagues in a covert government agency, al simmons makes a pact with the devil to be resurrected to see his beloved wife wanda. in exchange for his return to earth, simmons agrees to lead hell s army in the destruction of mankind. born in darkness. sworn to justice. spawn"
"conspiracy theory new york cia helicopter assassin secret obsession taxi driver fbi paranoia wheelchair chase theory politics government control cover-up murder flashback conspiracy torture target geronimo newsletter a man obsessed with conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of his theories turns out to be true. unfortunately, in order to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is. what if your most paranoid nightmares had just come true? conspiracy theory"
"mimic insect experiment mutation giant insect cockroach nest blood disease scientist epidemic evolution sewer manhattan, new york city virus tunnel animal horror a disease carried by common cockroaches is killing manhattan children. in an effort to stop the epidemic an entomologist, susan tyler, creates a mutant breed of insect that secretes a fluid to kill the roaches. this mutant breed was engineered to die after one generation, but three years later susan finds out that the species has survived and evolved into a large, gruesome monster that can mimic human form. for thousands of years, man has been evolution s greatest creation... until now. mimic"
"air force one prison corruption journalist the white house usa president hostage ultimatum hostage-taking air force one airplane hijacking aerial combat conspiracy gunfight fighter airplane secret service hand to hand combat negotiation political prisoner russian terrorists conspire to hijack the aircraft with the president and his family on board. the commander in chief finds himself facing an impossible predicament: give in to the terrorists and sacrifice his family, or risk everything to uphold his principles - and the integrity of the nation. the fate of a nation rests on the courage of one man. air force one"
"hunt for red october, the  this program features the standard mix of movie clips, production materials, and interviews. cast and crew start at the beginning and discussed the acquisition of the rights to clancy s novel and various adaptation issues. they then went into casting, research for the roles, and many technical topics related to the subs and other special effects concerns.  beneath the surface: the making of  the hunt for red october "
in & out gay homophobia coming out lgbt academy awards a midwestern teacher questions his sexuality after a former student makes a comment about him at the academy awards. an out-and-out comedy. in & out
"peacemaker, the helicopter terrorist nuclear missile bridge train crash train woman director when a train carrying atomic warheads mysteriously crashes in the former soviet union, a nuclear specialist discovers the accident is really part of a plot to cover up the theft of the weapons. assigned to help her recover the missing bombs is a crack special forces colonel. how do you get the world s attention? the peacemaker"
l.a. confidential corruption detective shotgun morgue f word domestic violence corpse district attorney bandage movie star good cop bad cop switchblade call girl neo-noir 1950s falsifying three detectives in the corrupt and brutal l.a. police force of the 1950s use differing methods to uncover a conspiracy behind the shotgun slayings of the patrons at an all-night diner. everything is suspect... everyone is for sale... and nothing is what it seems. l.a. confidential
"seven years in tibet buddhism himalaya austria mountain buddhist monk world war ii prisoner of war monsoon tibet dalai lama mountaineer lhasa wedding austrian mountaineer, heinrich harrer journeys to the himalayas without his family to head an expedition in 1939. but when world war ii breaks out, the arrogant harrer falls into allied forces  hands as a prisoner of war. he escapes with a fellow detainee and makes his way to llaso, tibet, where he meets the 14-year-old dalai lama, whose friendship ultimately transforms his outlook on life. at the end of the world his real journey began. seven years in tibet"
"kiss the girls washington d.c. covered investigation investigation north carolina missing person forensic psychologist alex cross travels to north carolina and teams with escaped kidnap victim kate mctiernan to hunt down  casanova,  a serial killer who abducts strong-willed women and forces them to submit to his demands. the trail leads to los angeles, where the duo discovers that the psychopath may not be working alone. smart girls. pretty girls. missing girls. kiss the girls"
"game, the sibling relationship san francisco birthday danger of life birthday party game millionaire surprising trapped in an elevator overflowing toilet birthday present investment banker in honor of his birthday, san francisco banker nicholas van orton, a financial genius and a cold-hearted loner, receives an unusual present from his younger brother, conrad: a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game. in nearly a nanosecond, nicholas finds himself consumed by a dangerous set of ever-changing rules, unable to distinguish where the charade ends and reality begins. what do you get for the man who has everything? the game"
"ice storm, the based on novel or book 1970s infidelity thanksgiving connecticut dysfunctional family independent film neighbor swinger polyamory in the weekend after thanksgiving 1973 the hood family is skidding out of control. then an ice storm hits, the worst in a century. it was 1973, and the climate was changing. the ice storm"
"chasing amy new jersey coming out love of one s life bisexuality menage a trois comic book comic-strip artist independent film best friend lgbt holden and banky are comic book artists. everything is going good for them until they meet alyssa, also a comic book artist. holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she s a lesbian. it s not who you love. it s how. chasing amy"
"full monty, the suicide attempt job interview striptease son northern england father police job yorkshire gay relationship unemployment steel worker repossession male stripper obese sheffield, england. gaz, a jobless steelworker in need of quick cash persuades his mates to bare it all in a one-night-only strip show. the year s most revealing comedy. the full monty"
"i know what you did last summer secret blackmail fisherman police high school cover-up friends revenge murder pageant slasher teenager killer as they celebrate their high school graduation, four friends are involved in a hit-and-run accident when their car hits and apparently kills a pedestrian on an isolated roadway. they dispose of the body and vow to keep the incident a secret, a year later somebody starts sending them letters bearing the warning  i know what you did last summer . if you re going to bury the truth, make sure it stays buried. i know what you did last summer"
"devil s advocate, the child abuse southern usa obsession bible seduction hallucination ambition devil s son marriage crisis pact with the devil crooked lawyer evil spirit satan lust courtroom temptation law firm manhattan, new york city seven deadly sins ethics a hotshot lawyer gets more than he bargained for when he learns his new boss is lucifer himself. evil has its winning ways. the devil s advocate"
"gattaca paraplegic suicide attempt cheating dna spaceman new identity heart disease false identity blood sample biotechnology space mission dystopia investigation genetics hostility exercise eugenics dystopian future in a future society in the era of indefinite eugenics, humans are set on a life course depending on their dna. young vincent freeman is born with a condition that would prevent him from space travel, yet is determined to infiltrate the gattaca space program. there is no gene for the human spirit. gattaca"
"stripes date ex-girlfriend u.s. army military spoof john winger, an indolent sad sack in his 30s, impulsively joins the u.s. army after losing his job, his girlfriend and his apartment. the story of a man who wanted to keep the world safe for democracy...and meet girls. stripes"
"rainmaker, the jurors proof court case leukemia lawyer courtroom legal thriller when rudy baylor, a young attorney with no clients, goes to work for a seedy ambulance chaser, he wants to help the parents of a terminally ill boy in their suit against an insurance company. but to take on corporate america, rudy and a scrappy paralegal must open their own law firm. they were totally unqualified to try the case of a lifetime... but every underdog has his day. the rainmaker"
"boogie nights pornography sex 1970s porn actor custody battle rags to riches director drugs porn industry disco lgbt set in 1977, back when sex was safe, pleasure was a business and business was booming, idealistic porn producer jack horner aspires to elevate his craft to an art form. horner discovers eddie adams, a hot young talent working as a busboy in a nightclub, and welcomes him into the extended family of movie-makers, misfits and hangers-on that are always around. adams  rise from nobody to a celebrity adult entertainer is meteoric, and soon the whole world seems to know his porn alter ego,  dirk diggler . now, when disco and drugs are in vogue, fashion is in flux and the party never seems to stop, adams  dreams of turning sex into stardom are about to collide with cold, hard reality. the life of a dreamer, the days of a business, and the nights in between. boogie nights"
"witness philadelphia corruption detective police brutality pennsylvania amish witness to murder barn raising silo lancaster, pa a sheltered amish child is the sole witness of a brutal murder in a restroom at a philadelphia train station, and he must be protected.  the assignment falls to a taciturn detective who goes undercover in a pennsylvania dutch community. on the farm, he slowly assimilates despite his urban grit and forges a romantic bond with the child s beautiful mother. a big city cop. a small country boy. they have nothing in common... but a murder. witness"
"starship troopers moon asteroid spacecraft space marine intelligence buenos aires space battle dystopia army giant insect satire soldier drill instructor military bugs set in the future, the story follows a young soldier named johnny rico and his exploits in the mobile infantry. rico s military career progresses from recruit to non-commissioned officer and finally to officer against the backdrop of an interstellar war between mankind and an arachnoid species known as  the bugs . the only good bug is a dead bug. starship troopers"
"joy luck club, the based on novel or book chinese family chinese american mother daughter relationship through a series of flashbacks, four chinese women born in america and their respective mothers born in feudal china explore their pasts. between every mother and daughter there is a story that must be told. the joy luck club"
"sliding doors double life commercial chance marketing time travel in flagranti alternative reality gwyneth paltrow plays london publicist helen, effortlessly sliding between parallel storylines that show what happens if she does or does not catch a train back to her apartment. love. romantic entanglements. deception. trust. friendship. comedy. all come into focus as the two stories shift back and forth, overlap and surprisingly converge. what if one split second sent your life in two completely different directions?. sliding doors"
"truman show, the claustrophobia hidden camera dystopia reality tv make believe pretend truman burbank is the star of  the truman show , a 24-hour-a-day  reality  tv show that broadcasts every aspect of his life -- live and in color -- without his knowledge. his entire life has been an unending soap opera for consumption by the rest of the world. and everyone he knows -- including his wife and his best friend -- is really an actor, paid to be part of his life. on the air. unaware. the truman show"
"jackal, the fbi cold war hitman hired by a powerful member of the russian mafia to avenge an fbi sting that left his brother dead, a psychopathic hitman known only as the jackal proves an elusive target for the people charged with the task of bringing him down: a deputy fbi director, a russian mvk major,  and a jailed ira terrorist who can recognize him. how do you stop an assassin who has no identity? the jackal"
"alien: resurrection android mercenary dystopia sequel alien betrayal cloning scientist flamethrower disembowelment smuggler underwater scene gene manipulation man in wheelchair breeding genetic engineering regeneration xenomorph alien queen explosive decompression two hundred years after lt. ripley died, a group of scientists clone her, hoping to breed the ultimate weapon. but the new ripley is full of surprises … as are the new aliens. ripley must team with a band of smugglers to keep the creatures from reaching earth. it s already too late. alien resurrection"
"amistad cuba mutiny slavery sentence historical figure tall ship slave trade havana in 1839, the slave ship amistad set sail from cuba to america. during the long trip, cinque leads the slaves in an unprecedented uprising. they are then held prisoner in connecticut, and their release becomes the subject of heated debate. freed slave theodore joadson wants cinque and the others exonerated and recruits property lawyer roger baldwin to help his case. eventually, john quincy adams also becomes an ally. freedom is not given. it is our right at birth. but there are some moments when it must be taken. amistad"
"apostle, the christianity coma jealousy radio station texas apostle minister louisiana forgiveness preacher after his happy life spins out of control, a preacher from texas changes his name, goes to louisiana and starts preaching on the radio. the hardest soul to save was his own. the apostle"
"good will hunting baseball boston professor m.i.t. harvard university ambition mathematics genius love friends flashback janitor irish psychologist university courtroom prodigy will hunting has a genius-level iq but chooses to work as a janitor at mit. when he solves a difficult graduate-level math problem, his talents are discovered by professor gerald lambeau, who decides to help the misguided youth reach his potential. when will is arrested for attacking a police officer, professor lambeau makes a deal to get leniency for him if he will get treatment from therapist sean maguire. some people can never believe in themselves, until someone believes in them. good will hunting"
"midnight in the garden of good and evil drag queen voodoo savannah georgia a visiting city reporter s assignment suddenly revolves around the murder trial of a local millionaire, whom he befriends.  midnight in the garden of good and evil"
"scream 2 mask sequel slaughter serial killer masked killer slasher university self-referential copycat killer two years after the terrifying events that occurred in woodsboro, sidney is now attending windsor college in cincinnati, and gale weathers  best selling book on sidney s life has now been made into a major motion picture. when two college students are killed in a theatre while watching the new film  stab , sidney knows deep down that history is repeating itself. someone has taken their love of sequels one step too far. scream 2"
"sweet hereafter, the canada small town suffering village paralysis independent film tragedy lawyer car accident school bus british columbia inspired by true events a small mountain community in canada is devastated when a school bus accident leaves more than a dozen of its children dead. a big-city lawyer arrives to help the survivors  and victims  families prepare a class-action suit, but his efforts only seem to push the townspeople further apart. at the same time, one teenage survivor of the accident has to reckon with the loss of innocence brought about by a different kind of damage. there is no such thing as the simple truth. the sweet hereafter"
"titanic iceberg ship panic titanic ocean liner epic rich woman poor man love disaster tragic love class differences imax star crossed lovers steerage rich snob inspired by true events 101-year-old rose dewitt bukater tells the story of her life aboard the titanic, 84 years later. a young rose boards the ship with her mother and fiancé. meanwhile, jack dawson and fabrizio de rossi win third-class tickets aboard the ship. rose tells the whole story from titanic s departure through to its death—on its first and last voyage—on april 15, 1912. nothing on earth could come between them. titanic"
"tomorrow never dies london, england england spy china news broadcast intelligence television missile manipulation of the media secret intelligence service special car tv station media tycoon navy motorcycle secret service hamburg germany a deranged media mogul is staging international incidents to pit the world’s superpowers against each other. now 007 must take on this evil mastermind in an adrenaline-charged battle to end his reign of terror and prevent global pandemonium. yesterday is a memory. today is history. tomorrow is in the hands of one man. tomorrow never dies"
"jackie brown based on novel or book airport underworld arms deal weapon police drugs jackie brown is a flight attendant who gets caught in the middle of smuggling cash into the country for her gunrunner boss. when the cops try to use jackie to get to her boss, she hatches a plan—with help from a bail bondsman—to keep the money for herself. based on elmore leonard s novel “rum punch”. six players on the trail of a half million in cash. there s only one question...who s playing who? jackie brown"
"big lebowski, the white russian dude bowling vietnam veteran carpet nihilism heart attack kidnapping lsd marijuana los angeles millionaire cult film cowboy ashes impregnation bowling team unemployed bowling ball neo-noir weeds jeffrey  the dude  lebowski, a los angeles slacker who only wants to bowl and drink white russians, is mistaken for another jeffrey lebowski, a wheelchair-bound millionaire, and finds himself dragged into a strange series of events involving nihilists, adult film producers, ferrets, errant toes, and large sums of money. it’s good knowin’ he’s out there. the dude. takin’ ‘er easy for all us sinners. the big lebowski"
"wag the dog washington d.c. rape cia usa president movie business war veteran staging albania sex scandal senator presidential election gulf war media adviser manipulation of the media election campaign government war soldier extramarital affair during the final weeks of a presidential race, the president is accused of sexual misconduct. to distract the public until the election, the president s adviser hires a hollywood producer to help him stage a fake war. a comedy about truth, justice and other special effects. wag the dog"
"dark city beach experiment sleep paranoia manipulation dystopia chaos mad scientist serial killer fugitive memory cyberpunk duel parallel world alien race tech noir neo-noir retrofuturism a man struggles with memories of his past, including a wife he cannot remember, in a nightmarish world with no sun and run by beings with telekinetic powers who seek the souls of humans. a world where the night never ends. dark city"
"fallen angel riddle detective bible police supernatural psychopath murder curse religion execution series of murders devil family evil neo-noir homicide detective john hobbes witnesses the execution of serial killer edgar reese. soon after the execution the killings start again, and they are very similar to reese s style. detective john hobbes is searching for a criminal he s already met... already caught... and already killed fallen"
"replacement killers, the usa china assault rifle sniper chinatown drug dealer hitman funeral conscientious objector revenge on the run fugitive one man army sunglasses drug lord silencer uzi police raid contract killer replacement hired assassin john lee is asked by chinatown crime boss terence wei to murder the young son of policeman stan zedkov. lee has the boy in his sights, but his conscience gets the better of him, and he spares the child s life. afraid that wei will take revenge on his family in china, lee seeks out expert forger meg coburn to obtain the passport he needs to get out of the country, but a band of replacement killers is soon on his trail. kill or be replaced. the replacement killers"
"wedding singer, the wedding vows marriage proposal love of one s life bride bridegroom robbie, a local rock star turned wedding singer, is dumped on the day of his wedding. meanwhile, waitress julia finally sets a wedding date with her fiancée glenn. when julia and robbie meet and hit it off, they find that things are more complicated than anybody thought. he s gonna party like it s 1985. the wedding singer"
"sphere ocean extraterrestrial technology space marine paranoia alien psychologist ocean floor deepsea spaceship crash the ossa discovers a spacecraft thought to be at least 300 years old at the bottom of the ocean. immediately following the discovery, they decide to send a team down to the depths of the ocean to study the space craft. they are the best of best, smart and logical, and the perfect choice to learn more about the spacecraft. a thousand feet beneath the sea, the blackest holes are in the mind... sphere"
"as good as it gets single parent waitress lone wolf friendship road trip gay interest neighbor author obsessive compulsive disorder cowardliness writer dog rude obnoxious unlikely friendship new york city. melvin udall, a cranky, bigoted, obsessive-compulsive writer, finds his life turned upside down when neighboring gay artist simon is hospitalized and his dog is entrusted to melvin. in addition, carol, the only waitress who will tolerate him, must leave work to care for her sick son, making it impossible for melvin to eat breakfast. a comedy from the heart that goes for the throat. as good as it gets"
u.s. marshalls    
"man in the iron mask, the based on novel or book palace intrigue   the man in the iron mask"
"wild things sailboat rape sexual abuse florida eroticism blackmail cheerleader court case sailing seduction everglades heart-throb menage a trois conspiracy duringcreditsstinger accusation when teen-socialite kelly van ryan and troubled bad girl suzie toller accuse guidance counselor sam lombardo of rape, he s suspended by the school, rejected by the town, and fighting to get his life back. one cop suspects conspiracy, but nothing is what it seems... they re dying to play with you. wild things"
"primary colors the white house usa president presidential election scandal new hampshire george w. bush extramarital affair presidential candidate in this adaptation of the best-selling roman à clef about bill clinton s 1992 run for the white house, the young and gifted henry burton is tapped to oversee the presidential campaign of governor jack stanton. burton is pulled into the politician s colorful world and looks on as stanton -- who has a wandering eye that could be his downfall -- contends with his ambitious wife, susan, and an outspoken adviser, richard jemmons. what went down on the way to the top. primary colors"
"lost in space future time travel based on tv series robot sabotage deep space the prospects for continuing life on earth in the year 2058 are grim. so the robinsons are launched into space to colonize alpha prime, the only other inhabitable planet in the galaxy. but when a stowaway sabotages the mission, the robinsons find themselves hurtling through uncharted space. danger, will robinson! lost in space"
"spanish prisoner, the confidence invention sister independent film con game corporation neo-noir process an inventor of a secret process suddenly finds himself alone as both his friends and the corporation he works for turn against him.  can he trust the fbi?  can he trust his girl?  there s no telling; he s just become the victim of the oldest con game in the book: the  spanish prisoner ! it s the oldest con in the book. the spanish prisoner"
"city of angels suicide angel life and death desperation operation heaven faith afterlife remake los angeles interspecies romance when guardian angel seth -- who invisibly watches over the citizens of los angeles -- becomes captivated by maggie, a strong-willed heart surgeon, he ponders trading in his pure, otherworldly existence for a mortal life with his beloved. the couple embarks on a tender but forbidden romance spanning heaven and earth. she didn t believe in angels until she fell in love with one. city of angels"
"deep impact usa president nasa metereologist space mission comet natural disaster tsunami astronomer astronaut woman director disaster movie a seven-mile-wide space rock is hurtling toward earth, threatening to obliterate the planet. now, it s up to the president of the united states to save the world. he appoints a tough-as-nails veteran astronaut to lead a joint american-russian crew into space to destroy the comet before impact. meanwhile, an enterprising reporter uses her smarts to uncover the scoop of the century. heaven and earth are about to collide. deep impact"
"godzilla secret atomic bomb intelligence missile destroy pregnancy boat accident flowerpot atomic bomb test u.s. army kaiju animal horror when a freighter is viciously attacked in the pacific ocean, a team of experts -- including biologist niko tatopoulos and scientists elsie chapman and mendel craven -- concludes that an oversized reptile is the culprit. before long, the giant lizard is loose in manhattan, destroying everything within its reach. the team chases the monster to madison square garden, where a brutal battle ensues. size does matter. godzilla"
bulworth hip-hop mission of murder politics election campaign liberal swearing political satire a suicidally disillusioned liberal politician puts a contract out on himself and takes the opportunity to be bluntly honest with his voters by affecting the rhythms and speech of hip-hop music and culture. brace yourself. this politician is about to tell the truth! bulworth
"opposite of sex, the gay louisiana dying and death step father independent film teacher death a 16-year-old girl visits her gay half-brother and ends up seducing his boyfriend, thus wreaking havoc on all of their lives. you ll laugh, you ll cry, you ll be offended the opposite of sex"
"hope floats texas telegram despair leaving one s family funeral costume loss high school judgment dog pond hometown birdee pruitt has been humiliated on live television by her best friend, connie, who s been sleeping with birdee s husband, bill. birdee tries starting over with her daughter, bernice, by returning to her small texas hometown, but she s faced with petty old acquaintances who are thrilled to see birdee unhappy -- except for her friend justin. as he helps birdee get back on her feet, love begins to blossom. when life fell apart, love fell into place. hope floats"
"perfect murder, a  about the infamous murder of six year old child beauty pageant contestant jonbenét ramsey and the hysterical media coverage that made the investigation even more difficult.  perfect murder, perfect town: jonbenét and the city of boulder"
"six days seven nights overleven family guy when quinn, a grouchy pilot living the good life in the south pacific, agrees to transfer a savvy fashion editor, robin, to tahiti, he ends up stranded on a deserted island with her after their plane crashes. the pair avoid each other at first, until they re forced to team up to escape from the island -- and some pirates who want their heads. after this week in paradise, they’re going to need a vacation. six days seven nights"
"mulan homeland musical training daughter cricket princess dragon ancient china luck great wall of china a tomboyish girl disguises herself as a young man so she can fight with the imperial chinese army against the invading huns. with help from wise-cracking dragon mushu, mulan just might save her country -- and win the heart of handsome captain li shang. let s get down to business, to defeat the huns mulan"
"x-files: fight the future, the bomb helicopter secret obsession extraterrestrial technology fbi space marine mutation secret society secret organization secret lab x-files government ufo ovine mulder and scully, now taken off the fbi s x files cases, must find a way to fight the shadowy elements of the government to find out the truth about a conspiracy that might mean the alien colonization of earth. fight the future the x files"
"doctor dolittle monkey dog talking to animals woman director a successful physician and devoted family man, john dolittle seems to have the world by the tail, until a long suppressed talent he possessed as a child, the ability to communicate with animals is suddenly reawakened with a vengeance! now every creature within squawking distance wants the good doctor s advice, unleashing an outrageous chain of events that turns his world upside down! he doesn t just talk to the animals! doctor dolittle"
"out of sight journalist bedroom purse trunk thriller elmore leonard meet jack foley, a smooth criminal who bends the law and is determined to make one last heist. karen sisco is a federal marshal who chooses all the right moves … and all the wrong guys. now they re willing to risk it all to find out if there s more between them than just the law. opposites attract. out of sight"
"smoke signals  young indian man thomas is a nerd in his reservation, wearing oversize glasses and telling everyone stories no-one wants to hear. his parents died in a fire in 1976, and thomas was saved by arnold. arnold soon left his family, and victor hasn t seen his father for 10 years. when victor hears arnold has died, thomas offers him funding for the trip to get arnold s remains  smoke signals"
"buffalo 66 prison gambling bowling winter kidnapping strip club tap dancing bathtub ex-con bowling alley photo booth upstate new york prison release buffalo, new york billy is released after five years in prison. in the next moment, he kidnaps teenage student layla and visits his parents with her, pretending she is his girlfriend and they will soon marry. billy brown just got out of jail. now he’s going to serve some real time. he’s going home. buffalo  66"
"armageddon saving the world paris france moon loss of loved one cataclysm asteroid self sacrifice nasa space marine daughter space wedding astronaut eiffel tower paris duringcreditsstinger disaster movie space centre when an asteroid threatens to collide with earth, nasa honcho dan truman determines the only way to stop it is to drill into its surface and detonate a nuclear bomb. this leads him to renowned driller harry stamper, who agrees to helm the dangerous space mission provided he can bring along his own hotshot crew. among them is the cocksure a.j. who harry thinks isn t good enough for his daughter, until the mission proves otherwise. the earth s darkest day will be man s finest hour armageddon"
"lethal weapon 4 house fire lapd revolver in the combustible action franchise s final installment, maverick detectives martin riggs and roger murtaugh square off against asian mobster wah sing ku, who s up to his neck in slave trading and counterfeit currency. with help from gumshoe leo getz and smart-aleck rookie cop lee butters, riggs and murtaugh aim to take down ku and his gang. the faces you love. the action you expect. lethal weapon 4"
"small soldiers defense industry toy shop technical toy soldier prototype killer toys toy comes to life when missile technology is used to enhance toy action figures, the toys soon begin to take their battle programming too seriously. big movie. small soldiers"
"pi new york hacker mathematician paranoia helix headache chaos theory migraine mathematics insanity genius computer chip math genius the debut film from darren aronofsky in which a mathematical genius maximilian cohen discovers a link in the connection between numbers and reality and thus believes he can predict the future. there will be no order, only chaos pi"
"there s something about mary surgeon stalker romantic comedy dream girl taboo screwball comedy frisbee troubadour gross out comedy intellectual disability for ted, prom night went about as bad as it’s possible for any night to go. thirteen years later, he finally gets another chance with his old prom date, only to run up against other suitors including the sleazy detective he hired to find her. love is in the hair. there s something about mary"
"from here to eternity based on novel or book beach hawaii world war ii harassment pearl harbor military base bombing extramarital affair military life army base 1940s boxing army bugler in 1941 hawaii, a private is cruelly punished for not boxing on his unit s team, while his captain s wife and second in command are falling in love. pouring out of impassioned pages...brawling their way to greatness on the screen! from here to eternity"
"on the waterfront murder union dock longshoreman pigeon terry malloy dreams about being a prize fighter, while tending his pigeons and running errands at the docks for johnny friendly, the corrupt boss of the dockers union. terry witnesses a murder by two of johnny s thugs, and later meets the dead man s sister and feels responsible for his death. she introduces him to father barry, who tries to force him to provide information for the courts that will smash the dock racketeers. the man lived by the jungle law of the docks! on the waterfront"
"west side story slum street gang love at first sight showdown puerto rican immigrant highway forbidden love musical rivalry feud interracial relationship based on play or musical attempted rape policeman obsessive love lifting female in air young love modern day adaptation shakespeare in modern dress in the slums of the upper west side of manhattan, new york, a gang of polish-american teenagers called the jets compete with a rival gang of recently immigrated puerto ricans, the sharks, to  own  the neighborhood streets. tensions are high between the gangs but two kids, one from each rival gang, fall in love leading to tragedy. the screen achieves one of the great entertainments in the history of motion pictures west side story"
in the heat of the night southern usa black people small town police chief suspect racist false accusations police station racial tension an african american detective is asked to investigate a murder in a racist southern town. they got a murder on their hands. they don’t know what to do with it. in the heat of the night
"midnight cowboy new york based on novel or book texas shower hustler friendship homosexuality male prostitute fish out of water new york city male bonding joe buck is a wide-eyed hustler from texas hoping to score big with wealthy new york city women; he finds a companion in enrico  ratso  rizzo, an ailing swindler with a bum leg and a quixotic fantasy of escaping to florida. whatever you hear about midnight cowboy is true. midnight cowboy"
"french connection, the new york police brutality marseille night life attempted murder drug dealer drug mule heroin gangster drug smuggle undercover agent hijacking of train car chase tough narcotics detective  popeye  doyle is in hot pursuit of a suave french drug dealer who may be the key to a huge heroin-smuggling operation. there are no rules and no holds barred when popeye cuts loose! the french connection"
"rocky underdog philadelphia transporter italian american fight love of one s life publicity boxer independence boxing match training lovers surprise world champion amateur victory when world heavyweight boxing champion, apollo creed wants to give an unknown fighter a shot at the title as a publicity stunt, his handlers choose palooka rocky balboa, an uneducated collector for a philadelphia loan shark. rocky teams up with trainer  mickey goldmill to make the most of this once in a lifetime break. his whole life was a million-to-one shot. rocky"
"kramer vs. kramer husband wife relationship custody battle marriage divorce family couple selfishness manhattan, new york city child custody abandonment ted kramer is a career man for whom his work comes before his family. his wife joanna cannot take this anymore, so she decides to leave him. ted is now faced with the tasks of housekeeping and taking care of himself and their young son billy. there are three sides to this love story kramer vs. kramer"
"ordinary people post traumatic stress  disorder chicago depression suicide attempt middle class grief dysfunctional family psychiatrist guilt grieving beth, calvin, and their son conrad are living in the aftermath of the death of the other son. conrad is overcome by grief and misplaced guilt to the extent of a suicide attempt. he is in therapy. beth had always preferred his brother and is having difficulty being supportive to conrad. calvin is trapped between the two trying to hold the family together. everything is in its proper place...except the past. ordinary people"
"chariots of fire underdog scotland missionary running jewry patriotism mayor praline olympic games jew olympian sports team ambition sport based on a true story athletics in the class-obsessed and religiously divided uk of the early 1920s, two determined young runners train for the 1924 paris olympics. eric liddell, a devout christian born to scottish missionaries in china, sees running as part of his worship of god s glory and refuses to train or compete on the sabbath. harold abrahams overcomes anti-semitism and class bias, but neglects his beloved sweetheart in his single-minded quest. this is the story of two men who run, not to run, but to prove something to the world. they will sacrifice anything to achieve their goals... except their honor. chariots of fire"
"terms of endearment loss of loved one based on novel or book parent child relationship texas cancer astronaut single mother neighbor neighbor relationship aurora and her daughter, emma march to the beat of different drums. beginning with emma s marriage, aurora shows how difficult and loving she can be. come to laugh, come to cry, come to care, come to terms. terms of endearment"
"out of africa africa infidelity lion safari farm nairobi romance kenya based on memoir or autobiography syphilis danish historical drama 1910s big game hunter cuckolded husband out of africa tells the story of the life of danish author karen blixen, who at the beginning of the 20th century moved to africa to build a new life for herself. the film is based on the autobiographical novel by karen blixen from 1937. based on a true story. out of africa"
"last emperor, the  a 1986 film directed by li han-hsiang. nominated for best film in the 6th annual hong kong film awards.  火龍"
rain man individual loss of loved one mentally disabled autism yuppie car dealer egocentrism road trip cincinnati travel convertible las vegas psychiatrist duringcreditsstinger asperger s syndrome savant selfish yuppie charlie babbitt s father left a fortune to his savant brother raymond and a pittance to charlie; they travel cross-country. a journey through understanding and fellowship. rain man
"driving miss daisy individual 1970s culture clash chauffeur atlanta self-discovery widow racial segregation based on play or musical car accident civil rights unlikely friendship elderly african american servant pulitzer prize source 1940s 1950s 1960s elderly lady race relations the story of an old jewish widow named daisy werthan and her relationship with her black chauffeur hoke. from an initial mere work relationship grew in 25 years a strong friendship between the two very different characters in a time when those types of relationships where shunned upon. oscar winning tragic comedy with a star-studded cast and based on a play of the same name by alfred uhry. the funny, touching and totally irresistible story of a working relationship that became a 25-year friendship. driving miss daisy"
"repo man california cocaine future punk theory music police rocker ufo surrealism alien independent film conspiracy torture scientist violence killer cult film repossession a down and out young punk gets a job working with a seasoned repo man, but what awaits him in his new career is a series of outlandish adventures revolving around aliens, the cia, and a most wanted  64 chevy. it’s 4 a.m. do you know where your car is? repo man"
"labyrinth maze castle puppet surrealism puppetry labyrinth fantasy world goblin kidnapped child when teen sarah is forced to babysit toby, her baby stepbrother, she summons jareth the goblin king to take him away. when he is actually kidnapped, sarah is given just thirteen hours to solve a labyrinth and rescue him. where everything seems possible and nothing is what it seems. labyrinth"
"breakfast club, the high school tardy hall teenager detention five disparate high school students meet in saturday detention, and discover they have a lot more in common than they thought. they only met once, but it changed their lives forever. the breakfast club"
"halloween mask babysitter halloween police psychopathic killer stalking serial killer marijuana masked killer maniac violence killing spree family evil psychotic escaped killer fifteen years after murdering his sister on halloween night 1963, michael myers escapes from a mental hospital and returns to the small town of haddonfield, illinois to kill again. the night he came home! halloween"
"poltergeist parent child relationship medium ghostbuster poltergeist haunted house dying and death family relationships good vs evil paranormal phenomena power of goodness haunted steve freeling lives with his wife, diane, and their three children, dana, robbie, and carol anne, in southern california where he sells houses for the company that built the neighborhood. it starts with just a few odd occurrences, such as broken dishes and furniture moving around by itself. however, when he realizes that something truly evil haunts his home, steve calls in a team of parapsychologists led by dr. lesh to help before it s too late. they re here. poltergeist"
"exorcist, the exorcism holy water religion and supernatural vomit possession profanity priest ouija board satan paranormal phenomena girl demon strong language disturbed child crisis of faith sfx 12-year-old regan macneil begins to adapt an explicit new personality as strange events befall the local area of georgetown. her mother becomes torn between science and superstition in a desperate bid to save her daughter, and ultimately turns to her last hope: father damien karras, a troubled priest who is struggling with his own faith. something almost beyond comprehension is happening to a girl on this street, in this house… and a man has been sent for as a last resort. this man is the exorcist. the exorcist"
"lethal weapon self-destruction los angeles police detective ex soldier buddy cop lapd homicide detective death of wife recklessness veteran buttoned-down lapd detective roger murtaugh is partnered with unhinged cop martin riggs, who -- distraught after his wife s death -- has a death wish and takes unnecessary risks with criminals at every turn. the odd couple embark on their first homicide investigation as partners, involving a young woman known to murtaugh with ties to a drug and prostitution ring. if these two can learn to stand each other... the bad guys don t stand a chance. lethal weapon"
"lethal weapon 2 loss of loved one gang police detective buddy cop diplomatic immunity lapd in the opening chase, martin riggs and roger murtaugh stumble across a trunk full of krugerrands. they follow the trail to a south african diplomat who s using his immunity to conceal a smuggling operation. when he plants a bomb under murtaugh s toilet, the action explodes! the magic is back! lethal weapon 2"
"lethal weapon 3 rookie cop buddy cop aftercreditsstinger archetypal buddy cops riggs and murtaugh are back for another round of high-stakes action, this time setting their collective sights on bringing down a former los angeles police lieutenant turned black market weapons dealer. lorna cole joins as the beautiful yet hardnosed internal affairs sergeant who catches riggs s eye. the magic is back again! lethal weapon 3"
"gremlins holiday monster small town department store bars and restaurants human animal relationship pet sunlight chain saw salesperson midnight fur banking puppet kids and family gremlin ymca puppetry christmas when billy peltzer is given a strange but adorable pet named gizmo for christmas, he inadvertently breaks the three important rules of caring for a mogwai, and unleashes a horde of mischievous gremlins on a small town. don t get him wet, keep him out of bright light, and never feed him after midnight. gremlins"
"gremlins 2: the new batch new york monster skyscraper mutant restaurant human animal relationship mutation tv station dying and death water research station fur bat current electric shock cleverness gremlin puppetry cowardliness young sweethearts billy and kate move to the big apple, land jobs in a high-tech office park and soon reunite with the friendly and lovable gizmo. but a series of accidents creates a whole new generation of gremlins. the situation worsens when the devilish green creatures invade a top-secret laboratory and develop genetically altered powers, making them even harder to destroy! here they grow again. gremlins 2: the new batch"
"goonies, the gang of thieves treasure map gunfight childhood friends booby trap water slide foreclosure walking the plank lost treasure social outcast pirate ship henchmen wacky gadgets a young teenager named mikey walsh finds an old treasure map in his father s attic. hoping to save their homes from demolition, mikey and his friends data wang, chunk cohen, and mouth devereaux run off on a big quest to find the secret stash of pirate one-eyed willie. the pirates map, the villainous crooks, the underground caverns, the booby traps, the skeletons, the monster, the lost treasure, and the magic that is… the goonies. the goonies"
"mask of zorro, the california spy hero horseback riding latinx lead sword fight revenge it has been twenty years since don diego de la vega fought spanish oppression in alta california as the legendary romantic hero, zorro. having escaped from prison he transforms troubled bandit alejandro into his successor, in order to foil the plans of the tyrannical don rafael montero who robbed him of his freedom, his wife and his precious daughter. no one has seen his face... but everyone ... knows this mark. the mask of zorro"
"soylent green paranoia future dystopia overpopulation cult film in an overpopulated futuristic earth, a new york police detective finds himself marked for murder by government agents when he gets too close to a bizarre state secret involving the origins of a revolutionary and needed new foodstuff. what is the secret of soylent green? soylent green"
"metropolis poison hero atlantis volcano governance murder mad scientist incest ghost sword and sandal loincloth belly dancer obro the muscleman  gordon mitchell  goes to atlantis and sinks a death-ray king  bella cortez  who knows the secret of immortality. 10,000 years ahead...to the unknown! il gigante di metropolis"
"back to the future part ii skateboarding flying car car race delorean lightning almanac inventor time travel sequel diner alternate history teenager electric guitar walking cane high school dance hoverboard video phone marty and doc are at it again in this wacky sequel to the 1985 blockbuster as the time-traveling duo head to 2015 to nip some mcfly family woes in the bud. but things go awry thanks to bully biff tannen and a pesky sports almanac. in a last-ditch attempt to set things straight, marty finds himself bound for 1955 and face to face with his teenage parents -- again. roads? where we re going, we don t need roads! back to the future part ii"
"back to the future part iii railroad robber california delorean indian territory sports car inventor locomotive saloon horseback riding time travel outlaw sequel mad scientist native american western shootout gunfight train wild west cavalry the final installment of the back to the future trilogy finds marty digging the trusty delorean out of a mineshaft and looking for doc in the wild west of 1885. but when their time machine breaks down, the travelers are stranded in a land of spurs. more problems arise when doc falls for pretty schoolteacher clara clayton, and marty tangles with buford tannen. they ve saved the best trip for last... but this time they may have gone too far. back to the future part iii"
"poseidon adventure, the life and death sibling relationship prostitute new year s eve sea husband wife relationship wave shipwreck cruise seaquake ship faith travel disaster capsized ship disaster movie the poseidon adventure was one of the first catastrophe films and began the disaster film genre. director neame tells the story of a group of people that must fight for their lives aboard a sinking ship. based on the novel by paul gallico. who will survive-in one of the greatest escape adventures ever! the poseidon adventure"
"absent minded professor, the flying car inventor professor basketball absent mindedness hailed as one of walt disney s most hilarious comedies, the absent-minded professor contains two essential elements for laughter - fred macmurray and flubber, his gravity-defying formula for flying rubber! this unidentified flying object threw a pentagon into a panic! the absent-minded professor"
"bambi loss of loved one forest deer coming of age best friend rabbit forest fire bambi s tale unfolds from season to season as the young prince of the forest learns about life, love, and friends. a great love story. bambi"
"seven samurai  the magnificent seven   shichinin no samurai   seven samurai: origins and influences, a documentary looking at the samurai traditions and films that helped shape kurosawa s masterpiece arts documentary hosted by various speakers, published by the criterion collection in 2006 - english narration. seven samurai: origins and influences"
"dangerous liaisons lovesickness sexuality cheating cynic ladykiller fiancé arranged marriage passion seduction love letter boredom courtly life french revolution lover plan praise gender roles 18th century in 18th century france, marquise de merteuil asks her ex-lover vicomte de valmont to seduce the future wife of another ex-lover of hers in return for one last night with her. yet things don’t go as planned. lust. seduction. revenge. the game as you ve never seen it played before. dangerous liaisons"
"dune prophecy witch monster telepathy atomic bomb space marine emperor mutation insurgence space travel guild duke water chosen one dystopia jihad spice war messiah denunciation in the year 10,191, the world is at war for control of the desert planet dune—the only place where the time-travel substance  spice  can be found. but when one leader gives up control, it s only so he can stage a coup with some unsavory characters. a world beyond your experience, beyond your imagination. dune"
"godfather: part iii, the italy christianity new york assassination italian american vatican pope confession helicopter daughter lawyer in the midst of trying to legitimize his business dealings in 1979 new york and italy, aging mafia don, michael corleone seeks forgiveness for his sins while taking a young protege under his wing. all the power on earth can t change destiny. the godfather: part iii"
"saving private ryan war crimes self sacrifice war veteran world war ii war ship airplane bravery normandy parachute troops waffen ss omaha beach army cowardice american flag war memorial deserted town military 1940s as u.s. troops storm the beaches of normandy, three brothers lie dead on the battlefield, with a fourth trapped behind enemy lines. ranger captain john miller and seven men are tasked with penetrating german-held territory and bringing the boy home. the mission is a man. saving private ryan"
"flight of the navigator artificial intelligence farewell homesickness florida nasa extraterrestrial technology flying saucer time travel alien kids and family dog alien technology 12-year-old david is accidentally knocked out in the forest near his home, but when he awakens eight years have passed. his family is overjoyed to have him back, but is just as perplexed as he is that he hasn t aged. when a nasa scientist discovers a ufo nearby, david gets the chance to unravel the mystery and recover the life he lost. come along on the greatest adventure of the summer! flight of the navigator"
"honey, i blew up the kid becoming an adult inventor infant family wayne szalinski is at it again. but instead of shrinking things, he tries to make a machine that can make things grow. as in the first one, his machine isn t quite accurate. but when he brings nick & his toddler son adam to see his invention, the machine unexpectedly starts working. and when adam comes right up to the machine, he gets zapped along with his stuffed bunny. the big laughs start january 6th! honey i blew up the kid"
"honey, i shrunk the kids inventor ant shrinking giant insect biene neighbor the scientist father of a teenage girl and boy accidentally shrinks his and two other neighborhood teens to the size of insects. now the teens must fight diminutive dangers as the father searches for them. the most astonishing, innovative, backyard adventure of all time! honey, i shrunk the kids"
"negotiator, the corruption hostage pension innocence police hostage-taking murder conspiracy bullet wound negotiator the police try to arrest expert hostage negotiator danny roman, who insists he s being framed for his partner s murder in what he believes is an elaborate conspiracy. thinking there s evidence in the internal affairs offices that might clear him, he takes everyone in the office hostage and demands that another well-known negotiator be brought in to handle the situation and secretly investigate the conspiracy. he frees hostages for a living. now he s taking hostages to survive. the negotiator"
"roger & me capitalism economics unemployment corporate greed a documentary about the closure of general motors  plant at flint, michigan, which resulted in the loss of 30,000 jobs. details the attempts of filmmaker michael moore to get an interview with gm ceo roger smith.  roger & me"
"purple rose of cairo, the new york cinema great depression falling in love movie star spectacle cecilia is a waitress in new jersey, living a dreary life during the great depression. her only escape from her mundane reality is the movie theatre. after losing her job, cecilia goes to see  the purple rose of cairo  in hopes of raising her spirits, where she watches dashing archaeologist tom baxter time and again.  the purple rose of cairo"
"doctor zhivago love triangle nurse loss of loved one suicide attempt world war i forbidden love step parents daughter epic russian revolution doctor zhivago is the filmed adapation of the russian novel by boris pasternak from director david lean that was an international success and today deemed a classic. omar sharif and julie christie play two protagonists who in fact love each other yet because of their current situation cannot find a way be together. turbulent were the times and fiery was the love story of zhivago, his wife and the passionate, tender lara. doctor zhivago"
"blue velvet small town ear policeman neo-noir the discovery of a severed human ear found in a field leads a young man on an investigation related to a beautiful, mysterious nightclub singer and a group of criminals who have kidnapped her child. it’s a strange world. blue velvet"
"jungle book, the  two teens  lindsey peter, sean price mcconnell  get more than they bargained for when they join their fathers on a trek to the jungles of india to find a legendary diamond. lucky for them, jungle boy mowgli  antonio baker  and his animal pals are around to help. when the kids  fathers disappear, the characters from rudyard kipling s classic tale help save the day in this adventure film that also stars gary collins and michael des barres.  the jungle book: search for the lost treasure"
"lady and the tramp cat spaghetti lover  female  love of one s life kiss dog lady, a golden cocker spaniel, meets up with a mongrel dog who calls himself the tramp. he is obviously from the wrong side of town, but happenings at lady s home make her decide to travel with him for a while. she s from the leash and license set... he s footloose and collar free! lady and the tramp"
"little mermaid, the mermaid the adventures of a kind-hearted mermaid who saves a captain s daughter from the stormy ocean, despite the sea-god s warning not to intervene in the affairs of mortals. however when the captain needs her help again, the mermaid princess must choose between following the laws of the ocean and saving her new human friends from a band of pirates and a dangerous island giant. return to the sea 美人鱼之海盗来袭"
"mighty ducks, the  a direct-to-video feature film, mighty ducks the movie: the first face-off, was released in 1997. it comprises three episodes of the animated series edited into one continuous movie: the first face-off parts i and ii, and duck hard.  mighty ducks the movie: the first face-off"
"101 dalmatians london, england puppy dog dalmatian female villain when a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of cruella de vil, the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. the canine caper of the century one hundred and one dalmatians"
"peter pan flying sibling relationship becoming an adult magic fairy child hero bravery musical pirate gang mermaid pirate native peoples leaving the safety of their nursery behind, wendy, michael and john follow peter pan to a magical world where childhood lasts forever. but while in neverland, the kids must face captain hook and foil his attempts to get rid of peter for good. it will live in your heart forever! peter pan"
"popeye baby blackmail octopus tax collector based on cartoon super power sailor spinach seaside town abandoned baby popeye is a super-strong, spinach-scarfing sailor man who s searching for his father. during a storm that wrecks his ship, popeye washes ashore and winds up rooming at the oyl household, where he meets olive. before he can win her heart, he must first contend with olive s fiancé, bluto. the sailor man with the spinach can! popeye"
"rocketeer, the superhero los angeles based on graphic novel flying man pilot hero nazi collaborator 1930s howard hughes griffith observatory young pilot cliff secord stumbles on a top secret rocket-pack and with the help of his mechanic/mentor, he attempts to save his girl and stop the nazis as  the rocketeer . three years before the united states declares war, cliff secord leads america s first battle against the nazis. the rocketeer"
"sleeping beauty sleep magic fairy prince castle fairy tale kingdom musical kiss princess sleeping beauty knight dragon dungeon based on fairy tale a beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love s first kiss. determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. but the evil maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess s fate. awaken to a world of wonders! sleeping beauty"
"splash bachelor mermaid new york city cape cod produce seller a successful businessman falls in love with the girl of his dreams. there s one big complication though; he s fallen hook, line and sinker for a mermaid. allen bauer thought he d never find the right woman... he was only half wrong! splash"
"tron video game hacker virtual reality dystopia computer as kevin flynn searches for proof that he invented a hit video game, he is  digitalized  by a laser and finds himself inside the grid, where programs suffer under the tyrannical rule of the master control program. with the help of tron, a security program, flynn seeks to free the grid from the mcp. a world inside the computer where man has never been.  until now. tron"
"l.a. story television meteorology metereologist weather forecaster los angeles duel unemployment with the help of a talking freeway billboard, a  wacky weatherman  tries to win the heart of an english newspaper reporter, who is struggling to make sense of the strange world of early-90s los angeles.  l.a. story"
"jerk, the wild comedy blow neominstrelsy phone book sharecropper tennis court after discovering he s not really black like the rest of his family, likable dimwit navin johnson runs off on a hilarious misadventure in this comedy classic that takes him from rags to riches and back to rags again. the slaphappy jerk strikes it rich, but life in the fast lane isn t all it s cracked up to be and, in the end, all that really matters to johnson is his true love. a rags to riches to rags story. the jerk"
"dead men don t wear plaid nostalgia parody black and white cult film private detective neo-noir 1940s juliet forrest is convinced that the reported death of her father in a mountain car crash was no accident. her father was a prominent cheese scientist working on a secret recipe. to prove it was murder, she enlists the services of private eye, rigby reardon. he finds a slip of paper containing a list of people who are  the friends and enemies of carlotta . laugh...or i’ll blow your lips off! dead men don t wear plaid"
grand canyon adultery earthquake hope grand canyon arrest friendship los angeles mugger kindness grand canyon revolved around six residents from different backgrounds whose lives intertwine in modern-day los angeles. at the center of the film is the unlikely friendship of two men from different races and classes brought together when one finds himself in jeopardy in the other s rough neighborhood.  grand canyon
"indiana jones and the temple of doom riddle treasure wind elephant heart crocodile bridge skeleton treasure hunt mystery torture india violence monkey archaeologist conveyor belt child driving car mine car rope bridge splits archeology  1930s indiana jones and the temple of doom after arriving in india, indiana jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone. he agrees – and stumbles upon a secret cult plotting a terrible plan in the catacombs of an ancient palace. if adventure has a name... it must be indiana jones. indiana jones and the temple of doom"
"lord of the rings, the elves dwarf orcs rivendell robbery gold magic spider eagle dragon bilbo baggins the hobbit was just minding his own business, when his occasional visitor gandalf the wizard drops in one night. one by one, a whole group of dwarves drop in, and before he knows it, bilbo has joined their quest to reclaim their kingdom, taken from them by the evil dragon smaug. the only problem is that gandalf has told the dwarves that bilbo is an expert burglar, but he isn t...  the hobbit"
"dead zone, the anime gohan has been kidnapped! to make matters worse, the evil garlic jr. is gathering the dragonballs to wish for immortality. only then will garlic jr. be able to take over the earth in order to gain revenge for the death of his father. goku rushes to save gohan, but arrives at the fortress just as garlic jr. summons the eternal dragon! krillin and piccolo try to help goku, but their combined powers.  ドラゴンボールｚ オラの悟飯をかえせッ!!"
"addams family, the dead wish vampire black humor uncle eccentric werewolf macabre loan shark accountant when an evil doctor finds out uncle fester has been missing for 25 years, he introduces a fake fester in an attempt to get the addams family s money. wednesday has some doubts about the new uncle fester, but the fake uncle adapts very well to the strange family. weird is relative the addams family"
"ever after: a cinderella story france gypsy child abuse slavery leonardo da vinci prince fairy tale royalty orphan bandit evil stepmother based on fairy tale step siblings 16th century classism commoner emotional abuse cinderella a unique 16th century woman, danielle possesses a love of books, and can easily quote from sir thomas more’s utopia. an intriguing mix of tomboyish athleticism and physical beauty, she has more than enough charm to capture the heart of a prince ... after beaning him with an apple. desire. defy. escape. everafter"
"snake eyes casino political activism boxer mission of murder boxing match police officer witness to murder all bets are off when corrupt homicide cop rick santoro witnesses a murder during a boxing match. it s up to him and lifelong friend and naval intelligence agent kevin dunne to uncover the conspiracy behind the killing. at every turn, santoro makes increasingly shocking discoveries that even he can t turn a blind eye to. believe everything except your eyes. snake eyes"
"adventures in babysitting babysitter blues unfaithful boyfriend misadventure one night car theft playboy magazine suburbanite chop shop homeless man stitches expressway frat party criminal gang held hostage norse mythology when plans with her boyfriend fall through, high school senior chris parker ends up babysitting the anderson kids, brad and sara. what should be a quiet night in, however, turns into a series of ridiculous exploits, starting when they leave the house to pick up chris  friend brenda. soon, brad s buddy daryl is involved, and the group must contend with car thieves, blues musicians and much more. she thought babysitting was easy money - until she started hanging out with the andersons. adventures in babysitting"
"weird science nerd biker teenager morphing male fantasy two unpopular teenagers, gary and wyatt, fail at all attempts to be accepted by their peers. their desperation to be liked leads them to  create  a woman via their computer. their living and breathing creation is a gorgeous woman, lisa, whose purpose is to boost their confidence level by putting them into situations which require gary and wyatt to act like men. if you can t get a date, make one! weird science"
"charlotte s web spider musical anthropomorphism drying self with towel animal human communication spider web sentimental talking pig wilbur the pig is scared of the end of the season, because he knows that come that time, he will end up on the dinner table. he hatches a plan with charlotte, a spider that lives in his pen, to ensure that this will never happen. that humble radiant terrific book is now a humble radiant terrific movie. charlotte s web"
"secret of nimh, the mouse sword duel timmy meets a girl mouse and they set off to find the great owl.  the secret of nimh 2: timmy to the rescue"
"dark crystal, the liberation castle mythical creature mission puppetry fantasy world crystal on another planet in the distant past, a gelfling embarks on a quest to find the missing shard of a magical crystal and restore order to his world, before the grotesque race of skeksis find and use the crystal for evil. another world, another time... in the age of wonder. the dark crystal"
"american tail, an new york cat immigration russia mouse american dream jew cossack hanukah pogrom a young mouse named fievel and his family decide to migrate to america, a  land without cats,  at the turn of the 20th century. but somehow, fievel ends up in the new world alone and must fend off not only the felines he never thought he d have to deal with again but also the loneliness of being away from home. meet fievel. in his search to find his family, he discovered america. an american tail"
"legend witch monster winter underworld sword mythology magic hell princess romance snow sorcerer duel devil demon evil swashbuckler warrior treasure chest set in a timeless mythical forest inhabited by fairies, goblins, unicorns and mortals, this fantastic story follows a mystical forest dweller, chosen by fate, to undertake a heroic quest. he must save the beautiful princess  lili and defeat the demonic lord of darkness, or the world will be plunged into a never-ending ice age. there may never be another dawn. legend"
sixteen candles birthday nerd high school crush farce teenage crush convertible teenager exchange student night vision goggles a teenage girl deals with her parents forgetting her birthday and a crush on her high school s heartthrob. when you re just sixteen anything can happen! sixteen candles
"pretty in pink record store lovesickness class love crush outcast teenage crush slumber party relationship family school life origin andie is an outcast, hanging out either with her older boss, who owns the record store where she works, or her quirky high school classmate duckie, who has a crush on her. when one of the rich and popular kids at school, blane, asks andie out, it seems too good to be true. as andie starts falling for blane, she begins to realize that dating someone from a different social sphere is not easy. blane s a pretty cool guy. andie s pretty in pink. and ducky s pretty crazy. pretty in pink"
"st. elmo s fire friendship secret admirer post college seven friends - alec, billy, jules, kevin, kirby, leslie and wendy - are trying to navigate through life and their friendships following college graduation. alec, who aspires to political life, has just shown his true colors by changing his allegiance from democrat to republican, which freaks out girlfriend leslie, who he wants to marry. budding architect leslie, on the other hand, has an independent streak. she believes she has to make a name for herself to find out who she is before she can truly commit to another person in marriage. but leslie and alec have decided to live together. because leslie refuses to marry alec, he believes that justifies certain behavior. kirby, who wants to become a lawyer and who pays for his schooling by working as a waiter at their local hangout called st. elmo s bar, and struggling writer kevin are currently roommates. they are on opposite extremes of the romance spectrum. the passion burns deep. st. elmo s fire"
"gods must be crazy, the africa airplane botswana god tribe desert kalahari bushman aeroplane tribal misery is brought to a small group of sho in the kalahari desert in the form of a cola bottle. in his quest to throw the evil object over the edge of the earth, xixo encounters western  civilization,  a haphazard doctor and a tyranical despot. the critics are raving... the natives are restless... and the laughter is non-stop! the gods must be crazy"
rosemary s baby anti-christ laundry occult demonic possession satanic cult lucky charm woman in jeopardy eating disorder catholic priest a young couple moves into an infamous new york apartment building to start a family. things become frightening as rosemary begins to suspect her unborn baby isn’t safe around their strange neighbors. pray for rosemary s baby rosemary s baby
"neverending story, the book sequel dragon based on children s book reading fantasy world giant sorceress fear of heights once again, bastian is transported to the world of fantasia which he recently managed to save from destruction. however, the land is now being destroyed by an evil sorceress, xayide, so he must join up with atreyu and face the emptiness once more. begin an all new adventure as a young boy returns to a world of wonder on the wings of his imagination. the neverending story ii: the next chapter"
"blade hero vampire supernatural vampire hunter superhero based on comic rivalry tragic hero good vs evil one man army extreme violence martial arts master scientist violence super power blade secret headquarters escapade deadly master warrior when blade s mother was bitten by a vampire during pregnancy, she did not know that she gave her son a special gift while dying—all the good vampire attributes in combination with the best human skills. blade and his mentor battle an evil vampire rebel who plans to take over the outdated vampire council, capture blade and resurrect a voracious blood god. part man. part vampire. all hero. blade"
"beetlejuice minister giant snake skeleton calypso arts supernatural afterlife child bride possession surrealism teenage girl gothic madness ghost property thanks to an untimely demise via drowning, a young couple end up as poltergeists in their new england farmhouse, where they fail to meet the challenge of scaring away the insufferable new owners, who want to make drastic changes. in desperation, the undead newlyweds turn to an expert frightmeister, but he s got a diabolical agenda of his own. he s guaranteed to put some life in your afterlife. beetlejuice"
strangers on a train perfect crime obsession island carousel  train ride psychopath lighter murder cheating wife strangulation amusement park husband wife estrangement chance meeting film noir cocktail party fiancée storm drain tennis match tennis pro a psychotic socialite confronts a pro tennis star with a theory on how two complete strangers can get away with murder—a theory that he plans to implement. it starts with a shriek of a train whistle...and ends with shrieking excitement. strangers on a train
"willow prophecy falsely accused baby monster hero queen traitor magic castle sorcerer s apprentice black magic animal attack mission fearful of a prophecy stating that a girl child will be born to bring about her downfall, the evil queen bavmorda imprisons all pregnant women within the formidable stronghold of nockmaar. a child, elora danan, is born in the nockmaar dungeons and identified as the prophesied child by a birthmark on her arm. however, before the black sorceress arrives to claim the child, elora s mother convinces her reluctant midwife to escape with the baby. willow, a timid farmer and aspiring sorcerer, is entrusted with delivering the royal infant from evil. adventure doesn t come any bigger than this. willow"
"untouchables, the chicago prohibition baseball bat white suit al capone tough cop treasury agent untouchable tax evasion jury tampering rooftop chase 1930s young treasury agent elliot ness arrives in chicago and is determined to take down al capone, but it s not going to be easy because capone has the police in his pocket. ness meets jimmy malone, a veteran patrolman and probably the most honorable one on the force. he asks malone to help him get capone, but malone warns him that if he goes after capone, he is going to war. what are you prepared to do? the untouchables"
rounders new york poker gambling law compulsive gambling roulette gain russian mafia loan shark call girl neo-noir a young man is a reformed gambler who must return to playing big stakes poker to help a friend pay off loan sharks. trust everyone... but always cut the cards. rounders
"broadcast news love triangle washington d.c. journalist journalism workaholic news broadcast television moderator television producer tv news anchor basket-case network news producer jane craig falls for new reporter tom grunnick, a pretty boy who represents the trend towards entertainment news she despises. aaron altman, a talented but plain correspondent, carries an unrequited torch for jane. sparks fly between the three as the network prepares for big changes, and both the news and jane must decide between style and substance. it’s the story of their lives. broadcast news"
"working girl love triangle clerk empowerment strong woman career woman female protagonist business new york city staten island new york city working woman female empowerment determination ferry feminisim woman empowerment witty, romantic look at life in the corporate jungle. tess mcgill is an ambitious secretary with a unique approach for climbing the ladder to success. when her classy, but villainous boss breaks a leg skiing, tess takes over her office, her apartment and even her wardrobe. she creates a deal with a handsome investment banker that will either take her to the top, or finish her off for good. for anyone who s ever won. for anyone who s ever lost. and for everyone who s still in there trying. working girl"
"married to the mob italian american fbi romantic comedy mobster starting over angela de marco is fed up with her gangster husband s line of work and wants no part of the crime world. when her husband is killed for having an affair with the mistress of mob boss tony  the tiger  russo, angela and her son depart for new york city to make a fresh start. unfortunately, tony has set his sights upon angela -- and so has an undercover fbi agent looking to use her to bust tony. they re her family... whether she likes it or not. married to the mob"
"say anything... england seattle daughter high school kickboxer a budding romance between noble underachiever lloyd dobler and high school valedictorian diane court is threatened when diane s overly possessive, disapproving father interferes with their relationship. with a prized scholarship to study abroad hanging in the balance, diane must find a way to make both men happy. to know lloyd dobler is to love him. diane court is about to know lloyd dobler. say anything..."
"toys sibling relationship loss of loved one toy company uncle toy shop technical toy inheritance battle christmas leslie zevo is a fun-loving inventor who must save his late father s toy factory from his evil uncle, leland, a war-mongering general who rules the operation with an iron fist and builds weapons disguised as toys. laughter is a state of mind. toys"
"about last night... chicago new year s eve relationship problems softball a man and woman meet and try to have a romantic affair, despite their personal problems and the interference of their disapproving friends. making love was easy...being in love difficult. about last night..."
"few good men, a suicide underdog suspicion of murder court case navy law dying and death guantanamo bay marine corps military court code red command military base u.s. navy sexism right and justice flashback based on play or musical court martial platoon leader military law legal thriller when cocky military lawyer lt. daniel kaffee and his co-counsel, lt. cmdr. joanne galloway, are assigned to a murder case, they uncover a hazing ritual that could implicate high-ranking officials such as shady col. nathan jessep.  a few good men"
"rush hour two man army consul crime lord art treasures roses are red poem duringcreditsstinger when hong kong inspector lee is summoned to los angeles to investigate a kidnapping, the fbi doesn t want any outside help and assigns cocky lapd detective james carter to distract lee from the case. not content to watch the action from the sidelines, lee and carter form an unlikely partnership and investigate the case themselves. the fastest hands in the east meet the biggest mouth in the west. rush hour"
"ronin paris france france arms deal mercenary audi impostor case violence ice skating computer expert ex kgb preparation cellular phone trace merry go round a briefcase with undisclosed contents – sought by irish terrorists and the russian mob – makes its way into criminals  hands. an irish liaison assembles a squad of mercenaries, or  ronin , and gives them the thorny task of recovering the case. your ally could become your enemy. ronin"
"thing, the based on novel or book ice spacecraft space marine paranoia mutation snow storm research station alien life-form remake alien antarctica shape shifting alien alien infection cult film sled dogs alien monster body horror alien parasites isolated place scientists in the antarctic are confronted by a shape-shifting alien that assumes the appearance of the people it kills. man is the warmest place to hide. the thing"
"player, the based on novel or book movie business screenwriter homicide blackmail enemy hollywood death threat movie mogul movie studio studio executive a hollywood studio executive is being sent death threats by a writer whose script he rejected - but which one? everything you ve heard is true! the player"
edward scissorhands underdog love at first sight hairdresser small town scissors inventor burglar unsociability a small suburban town receives a visit from a castaway unfinished science experiment named edward. his scars run deep. edward scissorhands
"antz general hero worker ant work assignment war princess soldier individuality friend in this animated hit, a neurotic worker ant in love with a rebellious princess rises to unlikely stardom when he switches places with a soldier. signing up to march in a parade, he ends up under the command of a bloodthirsty general. but he s actually been enlisted to fight against a termite army. every ant has his day. antz"
"what dreams may come paradise underworld heaven painting hell afterlife spiritism chris neilson dies to find himself in a heaven more amazing than he could have ever dreamed of. there is one thing missing: his wife. after he dies, his wife, annie killed herself and went to hell. chris decides to risk eternity in hades for the small chance that he will be able to bring her back to heaven. after life there is more. the end is just the beginning. what dreams may come"
"producers, the nazi musical theatrical producer eva braun playwright scam broadway springtime for hitler broadway producer, max bialystock and his accountant, leo bloom plan to make money by charming little old ladies to invest in a production many times over what it will actually cost, and then put on a sure-fire flop, so nobody will ask for their money back – and what can be a more certain flop than a tasteless musical celebrating hitler. hollywood never faced a zanier zero hour! the producers"
"history of the world: part i moses roman empire french revolution musical stone age music anthology julius caesar spanish inquisition an uproarious version of history that proves nothing is sacred – not even the roman empire, the french revolution and the spanish inquisition. ten million years in the making. the truth, the whole truth, and everything, but the truth! history of the world: part i"
"my cousin vinny prison southern usa suspicion cousin court lawyer wrongful arrest two carefree pals traveling through alabama are mistakenly arrested, and charged with murder. fortunately, one of them has a cousin who s a lawyer - vincent gambini, a former auto mechanic from brooklyn who just passed his bar exam after his sixth try. when he arrives with his leather-clad girlfriend , to try his first case, it s a real shock - for him and the deep south! truth, justice and the gambini way my cousin vinny"
nashville country music music festival satire candidate nashville tennessee multiple storylines presidential campaign celebrity worship rally this movie tells the intersecting stories of various people connected to the music business in nashville. barbara jean is the reigning queen of nashville but is near collapse. linnea and delbert reese have a shaky marriage and 2 deaf children. opal is a british journalist touring the area. these and other stories come together in a dramatic climax. wild. wonderful. sinful. laughing. explosive. nashville
"2010 jupiter super computer space travel space mission ghost ship space astronaut monolith while planet earth poises on the brink of nuclear self-destruction, a team of russian and american scientists aboard the leonov hurtles to a rendezvous with the still-orbiting discovery spacecraft and it s sole known survivor, the homicidal computer hal. in the very near future a small group of americans and russians set out on the greatest adventure of them all …. to see if there is life beyond the stars. 2010"
"children of a lesser god deaf-mute listening man-woman relation deaf woman director sign languages james is a new speech teacher at a school for the deaf. he falls for sarah, a pupil who decided to stay on at the school rather than venture into the big bad world. she shuns him at first, refusing to read his lips and only using signs. will her feelings change over time? love has a language all of its own. children of a lesser god"
"elephant man, the exploitation biography based on a true story hospital curiosity sideshow disfigurement physical deformity freak 19th century dignity a victorian surgeon rescues a heavily disfigured man being mistreated by his  owner  as a side-show freak. behind his monstrous façade, there is revealed a person of great intelligence and sensitivity. based on the true story of joseph merrick  called john merrick in the film , a severely deformed man in 19th century london. i am not an animal! i am a human being! i … am … a man! the elephant man"
"happiness sibling relationship rape lover  female  pedophilia sister partnership stalker secret love independent film relationship extramarital affair family conflict unhappiness the lives of many individuals connected by the desire for happiness, often from sources usually considered dark or evil. finding happiness can be a tragic comedy. happiness"
"pleasantville sibling relationship dystopia book burning satire coming of age diner racism black and white alternate reality color 1950s tv repairman geeky teenager david and his popular twin sister, jennifer, get sucked into the black-and-white world of a 1950s tv sitcom called  pleasantville,  and find a world where everything is peachy keen all the time. but when jennifer s modern attitude disrupts pleasantville s peaceful but boring routine, she literally brings color into its life. nothing is as simple as black and white. pleasantville"
"life is beautiful  la vita � bella  italy riddle loss of loved one bookshop self sacrifice mass murder concentration camp fascism world war ii love of one s life deportation jew persecution nazi national socialism charade riding a bicycle story teller concentration camp prisoner dying and death a touching story of an italian book seller of jewish ancestry who lives in his own little fairy tale. his creative and happy life would come to an abrupt halt when his entire family is deported to a concentration camp during world war ii. while locked up he tries to convince his son that the whole thing is just a game. an unforgettable fable that proves love, family and imagination conquer all. la vita è bella"
"american history x usa neo nazism prison skinhead sibling relationship rape fascism brother basketball jail school swastika los angeles family hate xenophobia interracial friendship nazism derek vineyard is paroled after serving 3 years in prison for killing two thugs who tried to break into/steal his truck. through his brother, danny vineyard s narration, we learn that before going to prison, derek was a skinhead and the leader of a violent white supremacist gang that committed acts of racial crime throughout l.a. and his actions greatly influenced danny. reformed and fresh out of prison, derek severs contact with the gang and becomes determined to keep danny from going down the same violent path as he did. some legacies must end. american history x"
"gods and monsters gay movie business dying and death biography homosexuality author gardener 1950s film director it s 1957, and james whale s heyday as the director of  frankenstein,   bride of frankenstein  and  the invisible man  is long behind him. retired and a semi-recluse, he lives his days accompanied only by images from his past. when his dour housekeeper, hannah, hires a handsome young gardener, the flamboyant director and simple yard man develop an unlikely friendship, which will change them forever.  gods and monsters"
"siege, the islam muslim fbi car bomb the secret us abduction of a suspected terrorist from his middle east homeland leads to a wave of terrorist attacks in new york.  an fbi senior agent and his team attempt to locate and decommission the enemy cells, but must also deal with an army general gone rogue and a female cia agent of uncertain loyalties. on november 6th our freedom is history the siege"
"waterboy, the sport social outcast ridicule lawn mower deserted by husband low self esteem waterboy college american football bobby boucher is a water boy for a struggling college football team. the coach discovers boucher s hidden rage makes him a tackling machine whose bone-crushing power might vault his team into the playoffs. you can mess with him. but don t mess with his water. the waterboy"
"elizabeth queen duke historical figure queen elizabeth i tudors treason catholic protestant 16th century british monarchy the story of the ascension to the throne and the early reign of queen elizabeth the first, the endless attempts by her council to marry her off, the catholic hatred of her and her romance with lord robert dudley. declared illegitimate aged 3. tried for treason aged 21. crowned queen aged 25. elizabeth"
"meet joe black life and death love at first sight broken engagement fireworks religion and supernatural teenage crush fate doctor millionaire angel of death encontro marcado when the grim reaper comes to collect the soul of megamogul bill parrish, he arrives with a proposition: host him for a  vacation  among the living in trade for a few more days of existence. parrish agrees, and using the pseudonym joe black, death begins taking part in parrish s daily agenda and falls in love with the man s daughter. yet when black s holiday is over, so is parrish s life. sooner or later everyone does. meet joe black"
"big chill, the suicide regret funeral morning gathering bat nostalgia south carolina friendship reunion marijuana group of friends remembrance a couple s marital troubles are put on hold while they host an unhappy reunion of former college pals gathered for the funeral of one of their own, a suicide victim named alex. as the weekend unfolds, the friends catch up with each other, play the music of their youth, reminisce, smoke marijuana, and pair off with each other. the story of eight old friends searching for something they lost, and finding that all they needed was each other. the big chill"
"enemy of the state corruption washington d.c. helicopter falsely accused identity mexican standoff blackmail intelligence wiretap satellite national security agency  nsa  politics exploding building mystery mafia conspiracy lawyer privacy surveillance baltimore maryland secret hideout a hotshot washington criminal lawyer becomes the target of a rogue security executive videotaped in the act of murdering a congressman when the incriminating tape is surreptitiously slipped into his shopping bag by the videographer, who is fleeing the executive s assassins. it s not paranoia if they re really after you. enemy of the state"
"bug s life, a winter fight ant invention collector ant-hill kids and family grass duringcreditsstinger on behalf of  oppressed bugs everywhere,  an inventive ant named flik hires a troupe of warrior bugs to defend his bustling colony from a horde of freeloading grasshoppers led by the evil-minded hopper. an epic presentation of miniature proportions. a bug s life"
"waking ned devine false identity beguilement lottery village jackpot ireland when a lottery winner dies of shock, his fellow townsfolk attempt to claim the money. how far would you go to win a fortune! waking ned"
"king kong screenplay movie business exotic island ship great depression unsociability king kong dinosaur new york city pre-code sea voyage damsel in distress empire state building giant ape animal horror great ape a film crew discovers the  eighth wonder of the world,  a giant prehistoric ape, and brings him back to new york, where he wreaks havoc. a monster of creation’s dawn breaks loose in our world today! king kong"
"desperately seeking susan amnesia rolling stone lonely hearts ad woman director roberta is a bored suburban housewife who is fascinated with a woman, susan, she only knows about by reading messages to and from her in the personals section of the newspaper. this fascination reaches a peak when an ad with the headline  desperately seeking susan  proposes a rendezvous. roberta goes too, and in a series of events involving amnesia and mistaken identity, steps into susan s life. roberta is desperate to be susan. susan is wanted by the mob. the mob finds roberta instead... desperately seeking susan"
"fletch journalist rio de janeiro dirty cop fletch cabana country club divorce lawyer a veritable chameleon, investigative reporter irwin  fletch  fletcher might drive his editor up the wall, but he always produces great pieces for the newspaper. when his next story is about the drug trade taking place on the beach, fletch goes undercover as a homeless man. unaware of fletch s true identity, businessman alan stanwyk offers fletch $50,000 to kill him. intrigued, fletch decides to unearth the full story behind the offer. meet the only guy who changes his identity more often than his underwear. fletch"
"money pit, the rock star price chaos house home ownership after being evicted from their manhattan apartment, a couple buy what looks like the home of their dreams—only to find themselves saddled with a bank-account-draining nightmare. struggling to keep their relationship together as their rambling mansion falls to pieces around them, the two watch in hilarious horror as everything—including the kitchen sink—disappears into the money pit. for everyone who s ever been deeply in love or deeply in debt. the money pit"
"view to a kill, a paris france london, england france england san francisco horse race fire helicopter drug abuse terrorist secret identity firemen fire engine villain ascot silicon valley zeppelin earthquake snowboarding microchip doping racehorse flooding pipeline snow british secret service snow skiing a newly developed microchip designed by zorin industries for the british government that can survive the electromagnetic radiation caused by a nuclear explosion has landed in the hands of the kgb. james bond must find out how and why. his suspicions soon lead him to big industry leader max zorin. has james bond finally met his match? a view to a kill"
"police academy trainer recruit shenanigan police academy new rules enforced by the lady mayoress mean that sex, weight, height and intelligence need no longer be a factor for joining the police force. this opens the floodgates for all and sundry to enter the police academy, much to the chagrin of the instructors. not everyone is there through choice, though. social misfit mahoney has been forced to sign up as the only alternative to a jail sentence and it doesn t take long before he falls foul of the boorish lieutenant harris. but before long, mahoney realises that he is enjoying being a police cadet and decides he wants to stay... while harris decides he wants mahoney out! what an institution! police academy"
"babe: pig in the city piggy bank shortage of money pig farm piglet anthropomorphism talking dog dog chimpanzee talking pig babe, fresh from his victory in the sheepherding contest, returns to farmer hoggett s farm, but after farmer hoggett is injured and unable to work, babe has to go to the big city to save the farm. this little pig went to the city... babe: pig in the city"
"little voice mother parent child relationship talent voice northern england daughter father yorkshire loneliness independent film singer cowardliness pigeon recluse carrier pigeon after the death of her father, little voice or lv becomes a virtual recluse, never going out and hardly ever saying a word. she just sits in her bedroom listening to her father s collection of old records of shirley bassey, marilyn monroe and various other famous female singers. but at night time, lv sings, imitating these great singers with surprising accuracy. one night she is overheard by one of her mother s boyfriends, who happens to be a talent agent. he manages to convince her that her talent is special and arranges for her to perform at the local night club, but several problems arise. finding your own voice can be magic. little voice"
"simple plan, a music video music music band a big package for you: 1999-2003 is a dvd/cd by the pop punk band simple plan from montreal, canada. the band consists of five members pierre bouvier, guitarist and lead vocalist, david desrosiers, bassist and backing vocalist, sébastien lefebvre, rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist, chuck comeau, drummer, and jeff stinco, lead guitarist.  simple plan: a big package for you"
"star trek: insurrection starship utopia alien space opera retribution spacecraft officer exploding ship cosmos when an alien race and factions within starfleet attempt to take over a planet that has  regenerative  properties, it falls upon captain picard and the crew of the enterprise to defend the planet s people as well as the very ideals upon which the federation itself was founded. the battle for paradise has begun. star trek: insurrection"
"prince of egypt, the moses egypt pyramid exodus kingdom governance ancient egypt hebrew pharaoh woman director 13th century bc this is the extraordinary tale of two brothers named moses and ramses, one born of royal blood, and one an orphan with a secret past. growing up the best of friends, they share a strong bond of free-spirited youth and good-natured rivalry. but the truth will ultimately set them at odds, as one becomes the ruler of the most powerful empire on earth, and the other the chosen leader of his people! their final confrontation will forever change their lives and the world. the power is real. the prince of egypt"
"rushmore private school lone wolf theatre play theatre group theater director independent film coming of age precocious child when a beautiful first-grade teacher arrives at a prep school, she soon attracts the attention of an ambitious teenager named max, who quickly falls in love with her. max turns to the father of two of his schoolmates for advice on how to woo the teacher. however, the situation soon gets complicated when max s new friend becomes involved with her, setting the two pals against one another in a war for her attention. love. expulsion. revolution. rushmore"
"shakespeare in love london, england william shakespeare theatre play queen elizabeth i playwright cross dressing false history francis bacon 16th century acting stratford elizabethan england young shakespeare is forced to stage his latest comedy,  romeo and ethel, the pirate s daughter,  before it s even written. when a lovely noblewoman auditions for a role, they fall into forbidden love -- and his play finds a new life  and title . as their relationship progresses, shakespeare s comedy soon transforms into tragedy. love is the only inspiration. shakespeare in love"
"miracle on 34th street holiday parent child relationship santa claus department store thanksgiving court lawyer psychologist little girl single mother district attorney skepticism holiday season commercialism christmas macy s thanksgiving day parade commitment hearing kris kringle, seemingly the embodiment of santa claus, is asked to portray the jolly old fellow at macy s following his performance in the thanksgiving day parade. his portrayal is so complete that many begin to question if he truly is santa claus, while others question his sanity. capture the spirit of christmas with this timeless classic! miracle on 34th street"
"rambo: first blood part ii usa vietnam veteran submachine gun prisoner prisoner of war liberation of prisoners liberation vietnam vietnam war chase machinegun u.s. army forest photography government war revenge soldier agent denunciation john rambo is released from prison by the government for a top-secret covert mission to the last place on earth he d want to return - the jungles of vietnam. what most people call hell, he calls home. rambo: first blood part ii"
"first blood prison vietnam veteran falsely accused police brutality sheriff guerrilla submachine gun gun destroy self-defense vietnam vietnam war prosecution dying and death police operation attempt to escape matter of life and death survivor tramp national guard weapon firearm police escape rural setting when former green beret john rambo is harassed by local law enforcement and arrested for vagrancy, the vietnam vet snaps, runs for the hills and rat-a-tat-tats his way into the action-movie hall of fame. hounded by a relentless sheriff, rambo employs heavy-handed guerilla tactics to shake the cops off his tail. this time he s fighting for his life. first blood"
"jewel of the nile, the diving dictator africa riddle treasure nile palace treasure hunt guru sequel romance desert double cross archaeologist novelist swashbuckler adventurer archeology  joan wilder is thrust back into a world of murder, chases, foreign intrigue... and love. this time out she s duped by a duplicitous arab dignitary who brings her to the middle east, ostensibly to write a book about his life. of course he s up to no good, and joan is just another pawn in his wicked game. but jack colton and his sidekick ralph show up to help our intrepid heroine save the day. they re back again...and romancing a brand new stone. the jewel of the nile"
"romancing the stone riddle treasure hero map colombia alligator crocodile treasure hunt betrayal marijuana jungle author central america drug lord south america double cross archaeologist novelist aeroplane jewel smuggler opposites attract archeology  though she can spin wild tales of passionate romance, novelist joan wilder has no life of her own. then one day adventure comes her way in the form of a mysterious package. it turns out that the parcel is the ransom she ll need to free her abducted sister, so joan flies to south america to hand it over. but she gets on the wrong bus and winds up hopelessly stranded in the jungle. she s a girl from the big city. he s a reckless soldier of fortune. for a fabulous treasure, they share an adventure no one could imagine... or survive. romancing the stone"
"cocoon florida swimming pool alien mahjong boat trouble cocoon senior citizen retirement community giving away money retirement home trespass defibrillation charter boat elderly space and aliens benign alien golden years rejuvenate when a group of trespassing seniors swim in a pool containing alien cocoons, they find themselves energized with youthful vigor. beyond the innocence of youth, and the wisdom of age, lies the wonder of... cocoon cocoon"
"rocky ii transporter coma husband wife relationship intensive care hero love of one s life publicity boxer boxing match training world champion victory sport hospital after rocky goes the distance with champ apollo creed, both try to put the fight behind them and move on. rocky settles down with adrian but can t put his life together outside the ring, while creed seeks a rematch to restore his reputation. soon enough, the  master of disaster  and the  italian stallion  are set on a collision course for a climactic battle that is brutal and unforgettable. once he fought for a dream. now he s fighting for love! rocky ii"
"rocky iii transporter trainer boxer dying and death boxing match comeback training world champion challenger rematch defeat victory sport revenge fame wealth now the world champion, rocky balboa is living in luxury and only fighting opponents who pose no threat to him in the ring, until clubber lang challenges him to a bout. after taking a pounding from lang, the humbled champ turns to former bitter rival apollo creed for a rematch with lang. the greatest challenge. rocky iii"
"rocky iv usa transporter loss of loved one cold war soviet union boxer kgb dying and death loss of powers boxing match training matter of life and death sibiria friendship victory sport revenge after iron man drago, a highly intimidating 6-foot-5, 261-pound soviet athlete, kills apollo creed in an exhibition match, rocky comes to the heart of russia for 15 pile-driving boxing rounds of revenge. he s facing the ultimate challenge. and fighting for his life. rocky iv"
"clue board game mystery mansion old house based on game clue finds six colorful dinner guests gathered at the mansion of their host, mr. boddy -- who turns up dead after his secret is exposed: he was blackmailing all of them. with the killer among them, the guests and boddy s chatty butler must suss out the culprit before the body count rises. seven suspects, six weapons, five bodies and three endings. clue"
"young sherlock holmes london, england school friend religion and supernatural sherlock holmes murder aftercreditsstinger sherlock holmes and dr. watson meet as boys in an english boarding school. holmes is known for his deductive ability even as a youth, amazing his classmates with his abilities. when they discover a plot to murder a series of british business men by an egyptian cult, they move to stop it. before a lifetime of adventure, they lived the adventure of a lifetime. young sherlock holmes"
"back to school college whirlpool clothing store bribe clothing store owner tutoring back to school self-made millionaire thornton melon decides to get a better education and enrolls at his son jason s college. while jason tries to fit in with his fellow students, thornton struggles to gain his son s respect, giving way to hilarious antics. registration starts friday, june 13, at theaters everywhere. back to school"
"karate kid, the martial arts becoming an adult karate revenge classmate during a commemoration for japanese soldiers fighting in the us army during world war ii, mr. miyagi meets the widow of his commanding officer. he gets to know her granddaughter julie, an angry teenager who is still feeling the pain of losing both her parents in an accident and is having problems with her grandmother and her fellow pupils. mr. miyagi decides to teach her karate to get her through her pain and issues and back on the right path. who says the good guy has to be a guy? the next karate kid"
"karate kid, part ii, the martial arts karate okinawa revanche self esteem mr. miyagi and daniel take a trip to okinawa to visit mr. miyagi s dying father. after arriving mr. miyagi finds he still has feelings for an old love. this stirs up trouble with an old rival who he originally left okinawa to avoid. in the mean time, daniel encounters a new love and also makes some enemies. this time, the combat is real. the karate kid part ii"
christmas vacation holiday christmas the unusual adventures are expecting the guests a luxury hotel in st moritz during christmas vacation .  vacanze di natale  90
"you ve got mail romantic comedy online dating woman director book superstore magnate, joe fox and independent book shop owner, kathleen kelly fall in love in the anonymity of the internet—both blissfully unaware that he s trying to put her out of business. someone you pass on the street may already be the love of your life. you ve got mail"
"thin red line, the based on novel or book world war ii battle assignment invasion marine corps u.s. army commander pacific rifle survival jungle infantry steel helmet sergeant pacific island soldier battle fighting guadalcanal pacific theater awol 1940s philosophic conflict based on the graphic novel by james jones, the thin red line tells the story of a group of men, an army rifle company called c-for-charlie, who change, suffer, and ultimately make essential discoveries about themselves during the fierce world war ii battle of guadalcanal. it follows their journey, from the surprise of an unopposed landing, through the bloody and exhausting battles that follow, to the ultimate departure of those who survived. a powerful frontline cast - including sean penn, nick nolte, woody harrelson and george clooney - explodes into action in this hauntingly realistic view of military and moral chaos in the pacific during world war ii. every man fights his own war. the thin red line"
"faculty, the high school alien teacher student teenager drugs alien infection parasite body snatchers alien parasites parasites when some very creepy things start happening around school, the kids at herrington high make a chilling discovery that confirms their worst suspicions: their teachers really are from another planet! take me to your teacher. the faculty"
"patch adams nurse hospital doctor laughter patch adams is a doctor who doesn t look, act or think like any doctor you ve met before. for patch, humour is the best medicine and he s willing to do just anything to make his patients laugh—even if it means risking his own career. laughter is contagious patch adams"
"civil action, a success advancement right and justice leukemia lawyer business start-up jan schlickmann is a cynical lawyer who goes out to  get rid of  a case, only to find out it is potentially worth millions. the case becomes his obsession, to the extent that he is willing to give up everything—including his career and his clients  goals—in order to continue the case against all odds. justice has its price. a civil action"
howard the duck duck physicist based on comic extraterrestrial anthropomorphism alien invasion alternative reality a scientific experiment unknowingly brings extraterrestrial life forms to the earth through a laser beam. first is the cigar smoking drake howard from the duck s planet. a few kids try to keep him from the greedy scientists and help him back to his planet. but then a much less friendly being arrives through the beam... you will believe that a duck can talk. howard the duck
"fly, the inventor experiment mutation teleportation hybrid fly the insect fly/human hybrid industrialist françois delambre is called late at night by his sister-in-law, helene delambre, who tells him that she has just killed her husband, andré. reluctant at first, she eventually explains to the police that andré invented a matter transportation apparatus and, while experimenting on himself, a fly entered the chamber during the matter transference. if she looked upon the horror her husband had become... she would scream for the rest of her life! the fly"
"fly, the experiment mutant mutation transformation to beam remake scientist science bodily dismemberment parasite underneath skin fly the insect body horror craziness animal horror melting when seth brundle makes a huge scientific and technological breakthrough in teleportation, he decides to test it on himself. unbeknownst to him, a common housefly manages to get inside the device and the two become one. be afraid. be very afraid. the fly"
"ruthless people ransom lover  female  kidnapping business man santa monica california a couple, cheated by a vile businessman, kidnap his wife in retaliation, without knowing that their enemy is delighted they did. sam stone s wife has just been kidnapped... and he doesn t want her back! ruthless people"
"name of the rose, the christianity library inquisition monk poison secret passage labyrinth rich middle ages persecution medieval franciscan burned at the stake poor murder mystery theological debate 14th century 14th-century franciscan monk william of baskerville and his young novice arrive at a conference to find that several monks have been murdered under mysterious circumstances. to solve the crimes, william must rise up against the church s authority and fight the shadowy conspiracy of monastery monks using only his intelligence – which is considerable. who, in the name of god, is getting away with murder? the name of the rose"
"jumpin  jack flash cia kgb computer chat mole agent woman director terry works for a bank, and uses computers to communicate with clients all over the world. one day she gets a strange message from an unknown source. the message is coded. after decoding the message, terry becomes embroiled in an espionage ring. people are killed, and terry is chased. throughout she remains in contact with this unknown person, who needs terry to help save his life. an adventure in comedy jumpin  jack flash"
"peggy sue got married time travel high school reunion peggy sue faints at a highschool reunion. when she wakes up she finds herself in her own past, just before she finished school. knowing what you know now, what would you do differently? peggy sue got married"
"crocodile dundee new york prostitute hotel journalist culture clash subway crocodile wilderness knife tourist limousine poacher fish out of water city australian outback kangaroo when a new york reporter plucks crocodile hunter dundee from the australian outback for a visit to the big apple, it s a clash of cultures and a recipe for good-natured comedy as naïve dundee negotiates the concrete jungle. dundee proves that his instincts are quite useful in the city and adeptly handles everything from wily muggers to high-society snoots without breaking a sweat. there s a little of him in all of us. crocodile dundee"
crocodile dundee ii new york crocodile knife australia aftercreditsstinger australian outback expert protects his new york love from gangsters who ve followed her down under. the world s favourite adventurer is back for more! much more! crocodile dundee ii
"color of money, the bar pool billiards talent hustler sport former pool hustler  fast eddie  felson decides he wants to return to the game by taking a pupil. he meets talented but green vincent lauria and proposes a partnership. as they tour pool halls, eddie teaches vincent the tricks of scamming, but he eventually grows frustrated with vincent s showboat antics, leading to an argument and a falling-out. eddie takes up playing again and soon crosses paths with vincent as an opponent. the hustler isn t what he used to be. but he has the next best thing. a kid who is. the color of money"
"three amigos! mexico hero village united states–mexico barrier confusion spoof western hero western band actor three unemployed actors accept an invitation to a mexican village to replay their bandit fighter roles, unaware that it is the real thing. they re down on their luck and up to their necks in senoritas, margaritas, banditos and bullets! ¡three amigos!"
"she s all that tv star jeep volleyball misfit teen angst house party teen movie teenager popularity little people high school student young love prom queen pygmalion clown makeup performance art beatboxing self expression tripping pool cleaner high school hotshot zach siler is the envy of his peers. but his popularity declines sharply when his cheerleader girlfriend, taylor, leaves him for sleazy reality-television star brock hudson. desperate to revive his fading reputation, siler agrees to a seemingly impossible challenge. he has six weeks to gain the trust of nerdy outcast laney boggs -- and help her to become the school s next prom queen. these two opposites attract... but everyone s trying to keep them apart! she s all that"
"payback new york heroin money criminal with friends like these, who needs enemies? that s the question bad guy porter is left asking after his wife and partner steal his heist money and leave him for dead -- or so they think. five months and an endless reservoir of bitterness later, porter s partners and the crooked cops on his tail learn how bad payback can be. no more mr. nice guy. payback"
"blast from the past isolation atomic bomb bunker shelter following a bomb scare in the 1960s that locked the webers into their bomb shelter for 35 years, adam now ventures forth into los angeles to obtain food and supplies for his family, and a non-mutant wife for himself. she d never met anyone like him. he s never met anyone... period. blast from the past"
"october sky based on novel or book parent child relationship small town satellite biography rocket west virginia mining accident teacher student coal mine 1950s sputnik rocketry based on the true story of homer hickam, a coal miner s son who was inspired by the first sputnik launch to take up rocketry against his father s wishes, and eventually became a nasa scientist. sometimes one dream is enough to light up the whole sky. october sky"
office space dallas texas suburbia downsizing cult film software engineer burnout beach resort coworker relationship laziness duringcreditsstinger business rivalry three office workers strike back at their evil employers by hatching a hapless attempt to embezzle money. work sucks. office space
"westworld man vs machine android saloon future vacation robot as menace survival cult film theme park in a futuristic resort, wealthy patrons can visit recreations of different time periods and experience their wildest fantasies with life-like robots. but when richard benjamin opts for the wild west, he gets more than he bargained for when a gunslinger robot goes berserk. westworld ...where robot men and women are programmed to serve you for ...romance ...violence ...anything westworld"
"logan s run killer robot utopia teleportation post-apocalyptic dystopia plastic surgery escape fugitive robot cult film domed city dystopian future totalitarianism population control an idyllic sci-fi future has one major drawback: all citizens get a chance of being  renewed  in a civic ceremony at their 30th birthday, unless they run and escape before their time comes. the only thing you can’t have in logan’s world is your 30th birthday. unless you run away. logan s run"
"planet of the apes human evolution gorilla bondage space marine chimp slavery space travel time travel dystopia apocalypse astronaut ape human subjugation an  u.s. spaceship lands on a desolate planet, stranding astronaut taylor in a world dominated by apes, 2000 years into the future, who use a primitive race of humans for experimentation and sport. soon taylor finds himself among the hunted, his life in the hands of a benevolent chimpanzee scientist. somewhere in the universe, there must be something better than man! planet of the apes"
"beneath the planet of the apes mutant dystopia survivor astronaut ape science worship during a rescue mission to locate missing astronaut george taylor, john brent crash lands on the planet of the apes. brent, along with taylor s companion, nova, find he has disappeared into an underground city known as the forbidden zone and attempt to track him down. now civilization s final battle between man and ape is about to begin. beneath the planet of the apes"
"conquest of the planet of the apes circus pet human being dystopia insurrection army ape in a futuristic world that has embraced ape slavery, caesar, the son of the late simians cornelius and zira, surfaces after almost twenty years of hiding out from the authorities, and prepares for a slave revolt against humanity. all new! the revolt of the apes. the most awesome spectacle in the annals of science fiction! conquest of the planet of the apes"
"escape from the planet of the apes spacecraft pacifism human being cage dystopia politician chimpanzee tease caving the world is shocked by the appearance of two talking chimpanzees, who arrived mysteriously in a u.s. spacecraft. they become the toast of society; but one man believes them to be a threat to the human race. meet baby milo who has washington terrified. escape from the planet of the apes"
"analyze this new york mafia boss wedding psychiatrist countless wiseguy films are spoofed in this film that centers on the neuroses and angst of a powerful mafia racketeer who suffers from panic attacks. when paul vitti needs help dealing with his role in the  family,  unlucky shrink dr. ben sobel is given just days to resolve vitti s emotional crisis and turn him into a happy, well-adjusted gangster. new york s most powerful gangster is about to get in touch with his feelings. you try telling him his 50 minutes are up. analyze this"
"cruel intentions upper class sibling relationship sexual obsession sex bet sadistic drug abuse cynic cocaine virgin manipulation seduction love letter private school innocence addiction love psychotherapy slaking a thirst for dangerous games, kathryn challenges her stepbrother, sebastian, to deflower their headmaster s daughter before the summer ends. if he succeeds, the prize is the chance to bed kathryn. but if he loses, kathryn will claim his most prized possession. in the game of seduction, there is only one rule: never fall in love. cruel intentions"
"lock, stock & two smoking barrels ambush alcohol shotgun tea joint machismo cocktail rifle marijuana pot smoking hatchet antique cardsharp anger cult film carjacking piano strip show high stakes a card shark and his unwillingly-enlisted friends need to make a lot of cash quick after losing a sketchy poker match. to do this they decide to pull a heist on a small-time gang who happen to be operating out of the flat next door. a disgrace to criminals everywhere. lock, stock and two smoking barrels"
"king and i, the  the multi-award winning and critically acclaimed lincoln center theater’s production of rodgers and hammerstein’s the king and i comes to cinemas in this unmissable event recorded live from london’s iconic palladium.  the king and i"
"matrix, the saving the world artificial intelligence man vs machine philosophy prophecy martial arts self sacrifice fight insurgence virtual reality dystopia truth cyberpunk dream world woman director messiah gnosticism trans director set in the 22nd century, the matrix tells the story of a computer hacker who joins a group of underground insurgents fighting the vast and powerful computers who now rule the earth. welcome to the real world. the matrix"
"10 things i hate about you william shakespeare sister high school deception teen movie shrew shakespeare in modern dress opposites attract duringcreditsstinger teenage romance play adaptation overprotective father on the first day at his new school, cameron instantly falls for bianca, the gorgeous girl of his dreams. the only problem is that bianca is forbidden to date until her ill-tempered, completely un-dateable older sister kat goes out, too. in an attempt to solve his problem, cameron singles out the only guy who could possibly be a match for kat: a mysterious bad boy with a nasty reputation of his own. how do i loathe thee? let me count the ways. 10 things i hate about you"
"go ecstasy drug dealing las vegas drugs high bisexual man multiple storylines told from three perspectives, a story of a bunch of young californians trying to get some cash, do and deal some drugs, score money and sex in las vegas, and generally experience the rush of life. a weekend wasted is never a wasted weekend. go"
"never been kissed chicago journalist newspaper undercover entrapment kiss nerd high school party love prank prom reporter teenager humiliation editor josie geller, a baby-faced junior copywriter at the chicago sun-times, must pose as a student at her former high school to research contemporary teenage culture. with the help of her brother, rob, josie infiltrates the inner circle of the most popular clique on campus. but she hits a major snag in her investigation -- not to mention her own failed love life -- when she falls for her dreamy english teacher, sam coulson. a comedy with class. never been kissed"
pushing tin competition airport air controller adversary two air traffic controllers who thrive on living dangerously compete to outdo each other on several levels. a comedy about losing control pushing tin
election jealousy infidelity vandalism museum motel graduation scandal ambition politics high school bias satire party crush teacher morality trust election overachiever a high school teacher s personal life becomes complicated as he works with students during the school elections. reading. writing. revenge. election
existenz video game hacker bodyguard pop star virtual reality dystopia virtual fight a game designer on the run from assassins must play her latest virtual reality creation with a marketing trainee to determine if the game has been damaged. play it. live it. kill for it. existenz
"entrapment london, england new year s eve skyscraper burglar distrust undercover blackmail thief heist older man younger woman relationship art thief criminal art theft millennium manhattan, new york city gala kuala lumpur malaysia two thieves, who travel in elegant circles, try to outsmart each other and, in the process, end up falling in love. the trap is set. entrapment"
dick tracy corruption crime fighter gangster investigation based on comic policeman the comic strip detective finds his life vastly complicated when breathless mahoney makes advances towards him while he is trying to battle big boy caprice s united mob. their turf. their game. their rules. they didn t count on his law... dick tracy
"mummy, the library secret passage cairo egypt pastor pyramid sandstorm solar eclipse mummy foreign legion nile secret society treasure hunt remake tomb ancient egypt opposites attract 1920s dashing legionnaire rick o connell stumbles upon the hidden ruins of hamunaptra while in the midst of a battle to claim the area in 1920s egypt. it has been over three thousand years since former high priest imhotep suffered a fate worse than death as a punishment for a forbidden love—along with a curse that guarantees eternal doom upon the world if he is ever awoken. the legend you know. the adventure you have yet to imagine. the mummy"
"midsummer night s dream, a  a midsummer night’s dream is one of shakespeare’s most popular works and no wonder: it’s about the world’s most popular pastime — falling in love.  and as puck knows, falling in love can make fools of us all! what fools these mortals be! a midsummer night s dream"
"star wars: episode i - the phantom menace prophecy senate queen taskmaster galaxy apprentice taxes space opera anakin skywalker, a young slave strong with the force, is discovered on tatooine. meanwhile, the evil sith have returned, enacting their plot for revenge against the jedi. every generation has a legend. every journey has a first step. every saga has a beginning. star wars: episode i - the phantom menace"
"superman saving the world journalist dc comics crime fighter nuclear missile galaxy superhero based on comic criminal sabotage super power north pole midwest kryptonite superhuman strength aftercreditsstinger save the day mild-mannered clark kent works as a reporter at the daily planet alongside his crush, lois lane. clark must summon his superhero alter-ego when the nefarious lex luthor launches a plan to take over the world. you ll believe a man can fly! superman"
"superman ii saving the world dc comics niagara falls sequel superhero based on comic loss of virginity criminal super power phantom zone rocket fired grenade crystal machine superhuman strength duringcreditsstinger three escaped criminals from the planet krypton test the man of steel s mettle. led by gen. zod, the kryptonians take control of the white house and partner with lex luthor to destroy superman and rule the world. but superman, who attempts to make himself human in order to get closer to lois, realizes he has a responsibility to save the planet. the man of steel meets his match! superman ii"
"superman iii saving the world dc comics super computer identity crisis loss of powers sequel superhero based on comic hacking super power bowling alley superhuman strength aiming to defeat the man of steel, wealthy executive ross webster hires bumbling but brilliant gus gorman to develop synthetic kryptonite, which yields some unexpected psychological effects in the third installment of the 1980s superman franchise. between rekindling romance with his high school sweetheart and saving himself, superman must contend with a powerful supercomputer. if the world s most powerful computer can control even superman...no one on earth is safe. superman iii"
"superman iv: the quest for peace saving the world dc comics mountain nuclear missile u.s. army alter ego sequel superhero laboratory convertible super power catholic school newspaper editor nuclear weapons disarmament volcanic eruption great wall of china superhuman strength with global superpowers engaged in an increasingly hostile arms race, superman leads a crusade to rid the world of nuclear weapons. but lex luthor, recently sprung from jail, is declaring war on the man of steel and his quest to save the planet. using a strand of superman s hair, luthor synthesizes a powerful ally known as nuclear man and ignites an epic battle spanning earth and space. nuclear power. in the best hands, it is dangerous. in the hands of lex luthor, it is pure evil. this is superman s greatest battle. and it is for all of us. superman iv: the quest for peace"
frankenstein fire based on novel or book monster experiment reanimation laboratory mad doctor girl pre-code body part angry mob villager dr henry frankenstein is obsessed with assembling a living being from parts of several exhumed corpses. the man who made a monster. frankenstein
"rocky horror picture show, the  a straitlaced, square couple, seeking shelter from a storm, find themselves in the castle of a transsexual alien mad scientist intent on creating a buff bodybuilder. transcend your expectations. the rocky horror picture show: let s do the time warp again"
"war of the worlds, the laser gun space marine dystopia space invasion alien invasion the residents of a small town are excited when a flaming meteor lands in the hills, but their joy is short-lived when they discover it has passengers who are not very friendly. amazing! terrifying! the most savage spectacle of all time! the war of the worlds"
invasion of the body snatchers based on novel or book small town alien doctor patient alien invasion psychiatrist alien infection angry mob doppelgänger mystery writer emotionless paranoid abandoned mine personality change a small-town doctor learns that the population of his community is being replaced by emotionless alien duplicates. … there was nothing to hold onto—except each other. invasion of the body snatchers
"notting hill london, england bookshop movie business birthday new love paparazzi press conference wheelchair bath tub cohabitant friendship fame celebration movie star spectacle william thacker is a london bookstore owner whose humdrum existence is thrown into romantic turmoil when famous american actress anna scott appears in his shop. a chance encounter over spilled orange juice leads to a kiss that blossoms into a full-blown affair. as the average bloke and glamorous movie star draw closer and closer together, they struggle to reconcile their radically different lifestyles in the name of love. can the most famous film star in the world fall for the man on the street? notting hill"
"thirteenth floor, the artificial intelligence based on novel or book simulation computer program virtual reality dystopia remake los angeles mind transfer 1990s 1930s los angeles. a wealthy man, known as mr. fuller, discovers a shocking secret about the world he lives in. fearing for his life, he leaves a desperate message for a friend of his in the most unexpected place. question reality. the thirteenth floor"
"austin powers: the spy who shagged me saving the world moon submarine clone spy cia showdown android usa president exotic island cat laser gun nasa undercover space marine car journey time travel supermodel single car aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger when diabolical genius, dr. evil travels back in time to steal superspy austin powers s ‘mojo’, austin must return to the swingin   60s himself – with the help of american agent, felicity shagwell – to stop the dastardly plan. once there, austin faces off against dr. evil s army of minions and saves the world in his own unbelievably groovy way. i m back, baby! austin powers: the spy who shagged me"
"red violin, the  le violon rouge  auction violin spans 300 years in the life of one famed musical instrument that winds up in present-day montreal on the auction block. crafted by the italian master bussotti  cecchi  in 1681, the red violin derives its unusual color from the human blood mixed into the finish. with this legacy, the violin travels to austria, england, china, and canada, leaving both beauty and tragedy in its wake.  the red violin"
"tarzan gorilla baby adoption feral child nest jungle camp orphan tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named kala since he was a child. he believed that this was his family, but on an expedition jane porter is rescued by tarzan. he then finds out that he s human. now tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to... an immortal legend. as you ve only imagined. tarzan"
"general s daughter, the suicide detective based on novel or book bondage general paranoia u.s. army investigation politics cover-up murder betrayal conspiracy videotape military law father daughter relationship when the body of army capt. elizabeth campbell is found on a georgia military base, two investigators, warrant officers paul brenner and sara sunhill, are ordered to solve her murder. what they uncover is anything but clear-cut. unseemly details emerge about campbell s life, leading to allegations of a possible military coverup of her death and the involvement of her father, lt. gen. joseph campbell. go behind the lies. the general s daughter"
"ideal husband, an  rising politician robert chiltern once sold secret information and is now being blackmailed by laura evely. she has proof and it will damage his career and marriage severely. chiltern calls in the help of his friend arthur goring.  an ideal husband"
"run lola run  lola rennt  berlin germany casino nun red hair running homeless person supermarket ambulance subway daughter money fate lola receives a phone call from her boyfriend manni. he lost 100,000 dm in a subway train that belongs to a very bad guy. she has 20 minutes to raise this amount and meet manni. otherwise, he will rob a store to get the money. three different alternatives may happen depending on some minor event along lola s run. every second of every day you re faced with a decision that can change your life. lola rennt"
"big daddy bachelor law vomit syracuse university law school young boy politically incorrect wetting pants central park public urination child s point of view responsibility immaturity a lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn t go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. nature called. look who answered. big daddy"
"arachnophobia small town animal attack outbreak exterminator spider bite creature feature spider queen spiders invasive species arachnophobia animal horror spider general a large spider from the jungles of south america is accidentally transported in a crate with a dead body to america where it mates with a local spider. soon after, the residents of a small california town disappear as the result of spider bites from the deadly spider offspring. it s up to a couple of doctors with the help of an insect exterminator to annihilate these eight legged freaks. eight legs, two fangs, and an attitude. arachnophobia"
"south park: bigger, longer and uncut mount rushmore national memorial hell world supremacy elementary school saddam hussein atheist surrealism satan based on tv series child swearing visions of hell u.s. canada war demon adult animation south park colorado when the four boys see an r-rated movie featuring canadians terrance and philip, they are pronounced  corrupted , and their parents pressure the united states to wage war against canada. uh-oh. south park: bigger, longer & uncut"
wild wild west steampunk based on tv series steam locomotive drag legless southern inventor dr. arliss loveless plans to rekindle the civil war by assassinating president u.s. grant. only two men can stop him: gunfighter james west and master-of-disguise and inventor artemus gordon. the two must team up to thwart loveless  plans. it s a whole new west. wild wild west
"summer of sam italian american 1970s distrust intolerance serial killer punk rock summer bigotry bronx, new york city spike lee s take on the  son of sam  murders in new york city during the summer of 1977 centering on the residents of an italian-american south bronx neighborhood who live in fear and distrust of one another. no one is safe from son of sam summer of sam"
"american pie graduation innocence coming of age teenager high school student pie teen comedy teenage sexuality exchange student voyeurism virginity laxative prom night at a high-school party, four friends find that losing their collective virginity isn t as easy as they had thought. but they still believe that they need to do so before college. to motivate themselves, they enter a pact to all  score.  by their senior prom. there s nothing like your first piece. american pie"
arlington road bomb terrorist fbi professor paranoia college wife politics army murder neighbor agent blueprint classified neo-noir threats from sinister foreign nationals aren t the only thing to fear. bedraggled college professor michael faraday has been vexed  and increasingly paranoid  since his wife s accidental death in a botched fbi operation. but all that takes a backseat when a seemingly all-american couple set up house next door. your paranoia is real. arlington road
"blair witch project, the witch voodoo legend sorcery maryland forest horror true student cult film lost found footage in october of 1994 three student filmmakers disappeared in the woods near burkittsville, maryland, while shooting a documentary. a year later their footage was found. the scariest movie of all time is a true story. the blair witch project"
"eyes wide shut life and death sexual obsession free love christmas party eroticism orgy masked ball marijuana illegal prostitution after dr. bill harford s wife, alice, admits to having sexual fantasies about a man she met, bill becomes obsessed with having a sexual encounter. he discovers an underground sexual group and attends one of their meetings -- and quickly discovers that he is in over his head. cruise. kidman. kubrick. eyes wide shut"
"lake placid diving sheriff lake crocodile deputy paleontologist cow maine decapitation severed head scientist remote tooth bear attack campfire severed toe torso cut in half giant crocodile crocodile attack animal horror when a man is eaten alive by an unknown creature, the local game warden teams up with a paleontologist from new york to find the beast. add to the mix an eccentric philanthropist with a penchant for  crocs , and here we go! this quiet, remote lake is suddenly the focus of an intense search for a crocodile with a taste for live animals...and people! you ll never know what bit you. lake placid"
"ghostbusters library mythology loser marshmallow slime nerd environmental protection agency hybrid possession haunting gate keeper giant monster paranormal phenomena horror spoof super power receptionist world trade center ghost duringcreditsstinger shared universe after losing their academic posts at a prestigious university, a team of parapsychologists goes into business as proton-pack-toting  ghostbusters  who exterminate ghouls, hobgoblins and supernatural pests of all stripes. an ad campaign pays off when a knockout cellist hires the squad to purge her swanky digs of demons that appear to be living in her refrigerator. they ain t afraid of no ghost. ghostbusters"
"ghostbusters ii slime ghostbuster product placement reincarnation painting crude humor scream single mother old flame courtroom book store chrysler building river of slime revolving door occult research five years after they defeated gozer, the ghostbusters are out of business. when dana begins to have ghost problems again, the boys come out of retirement to aid her and hopefully save new york city from a new paranormal threat. we re back! ghostbusters ii"
"drop dead gorgeous parent child relationship minnesota mother role beauty contest girl from the province hicktown evil mother envy pretty woman mocumentary in a small minnesota town, the annual beauty pageant is being covered by a tv crew. former winner gladys leeman wants to make sure her daughter follows in her footsteps; explosions, falling lights, and trailer fires prove that. as the leemans are the richest family in town, the police are pretty relaxed about it all. despite everything, main rival  but sweet  amber atkins won t give up without a fight. the battle between the good and the bad is bound to get ugly. drop dead gorgeous"
"haunting, the based on novel or book trauma castle haunted house insomnia bone poster painting remake haunting child labor audio recording spiral staircase evil loner researcher insomniac paranormal activity logbook strange noise spook cherub dr. david marrow invites nell vance, and theo and luke sanderson to the eerie and isolated hill house to be subjects for a sleep disorder study. the unfortunate guests discover that marrow is far more interested in the sinister mansion itself – and they soon see the true nature of its horror. some houses are born bad. the haunting"
"inspector gadget gadget john brown is a bumbling but well-intentioned security guard who is badly injured in an explosion planned by an evil mastermind. he is taken to a laboratory, where brenda, a leading robotics surgeon, replaces his damaged limbs with state-of-the-art gadgets and tools. named  inspector gadget  by the press, john -- along with his niece, penny, and her trusty dog, brain -- uses his new powers to discover who was behind the explosion. the greatest hero ever assembled. inspector gadget"
"deep blue sea shark attack scientist shark killer shark genetic engineering animal horror underwater facility researchers on the undersea lab aquatica have genetically altered the brains of captive sharks to develop a cure for alzheimer s disease. but there s an unexpected side effect: the sharks got smarter, faster, and more dangerous. after a big storm damages their remote research facility, they must fight for their lives. bigger. smarter. faster. meaner. deep blue sea"
"mystery men bowling hostage sphinx training insane asylum tools casanova superhero based on comic spoof shovel disco superhero spoof invisible man dark horse comics invisibility bowling ball evil genius when champion city s hero captain amazing is kidnapped by the recently paroled supervillain casanova frankenstein, a trio of average, everyday superheroes -- mr. furious, the shoveler and the blue raja -- assemble a new super team to save him. we re not your classic heroes, we re the other guys. mystery men"
"runaway bride small town artist self-discovery just married chase reporter wedding relationship wedding ceremony self identity hair salon cold feet serial monogamy ike graham, new york columnist, writes his text always at the last minute. this time, a drunken man in his favourite bar tells ike about maggie carpenter, a woman who always flees from her grooms in the last possible moment. ike, who does not have the best opinion about females anyway, writes an offensive column without researching the subject thoroughly. catch her if you can. runaway bride"
"spartacus gladiator roman empire gladiator fight slavery insurgence ancient rome epic torture ancient world slave escaped slave julius caesar 1st century the rebellious thracian spartacus, born and raised a slave, is sold to gladiator trainer batiatus. after weeks of being trained to kill for the arena, spartacus turns on his owners and leads the other slaves in rebellion. as the rebels move from town to town, their numbers swell as escaped slaves join their ranks. under the leadership of spartacus, they make their way to southern italy, where they will cross the sea and return to their homes. they trained him to kill for their pleasure ... but they trained him a little too well spartacus"
"mosquito coast, the paradise power governance exit idealism honduras idealist nature emigrant allie fox, an american inventor exhausted by the perceived danger and degradation of modern society, decides to escape with his wife and children to belize. in the jungle, he tries with mad determination to create a utopian community with disastrous results. he went too far. the mosquito coast"
"golden child, the monk social worker mystic wretch tibet demon evil missing person reluctant hero after a tibetan boy, the mystical golden child, is kidnapped by the evil sardo numspa, humankind s fate hangs in the balance. on the other side of the world in los angeles, the priestess kee nang seeks the chosen one, who will save the boy from death. when nang sees social worker chandler jarrell on television discussing his ability to find missing children, she solicits his expertise, despite his skepticism over being  chosen.  eddie murphy is the chosen one. the golden child"
"color purple, the  aries and chai sign up for a couple’s retreat program where they are given free rein to fix their marriage in whatever way possible or impossible.  kulay lila ang gabi na binudburan pa ng mga bituin"
"little shop of horrors flower solar eclipse florist aggression assistant plant success musical investigation nerd blonde carnivorous plant remake crush based on play or musical puppetry motorcycle eclipse part animated dentist bum killer plant skid row based on movie plant food flesh eating plant inept assistant man eating plant seymour krelborn is a nerdy orphan working at mushnik s, a flower shop in urban skid row. he harbors a crush on fellow co-worker audrey fulquard, and is berated by mr. mushnik daily. one day as seymour is seeking a new mysterious plant, he finds a very mysterious unidentified plant which he calls audrey ii. the plant seems to have a craving for blood and soon begins to sing for his supper. don t feed the plants. little shop of horrors"
"little shop of horrors, the flower solar eclipse florist aggression assistant plant success musical investigation nerd blonde carnivorous plant remake crush based on play or musical puppetry motorcycle eclipse part animated dentist bum killer plant skid row based on movie plant food flesh eating plant inept assistant man eating plant seymour krelborn is a nerdy orphan working at mushnik s, a flower shop in urban skid row. he harbors a crush on fellow co-worker audrey fulquard, and is berated by mr. mushnik daily. one day as seymour is seeking a new mysterious plant, he finds a very mysterious unidentified plant which he calls audrey ii. the plant seems to have a craving for blood and soon begins to sing for his supper. don t feed the plants. little shop of horrors"
"dick washington d.c. the white house usa president 1970s richard nixon watergate drugged cookie two high school girls wander off during a class trip to the white house and meet president richard nixon. they become the official dog walkers for nixon s dog checkers, and become his secret advisors during the watergate scandal. the unmaking of the president dick"
"iron giant, the cold war friendship giant robot fear of unknown 1950s in the small town of rockwell, maine in october 1957, a giant metal machine befriends a nine-year-old boy and ultimately finds its humanity by unselfishly saving people from their own fears and prejudices. it came from outer space! the iron giant"
"sixth sense, the philadelphia child abuse loss of loved one sense of guilt confidence psychology dying and death marriage crisis afterlife single paranormal phenomena cowardliness single mother school play ghost child spiritism ghost child a psychological thriller about an eight year old boy named cole sear who believes he can see into the world of the dead. a child psychologist named malcolm crowe comes to cole to help him deal with his problem, learning that he really can see ghosts of dead people. not every gift is a blessing. the sixth sense"
"thomas crown affair, the martinique claude monet famous painting glider insurance agent stolen painting valuable painting a very rich and successful playboy amuses himself by stealing artwork, but may have met his match in a seductive detective. how do you get the man who has everything? the thomas crown affair"
"bowfinger movie business hollywood filmmaking movie actress on the verge of bankruptcy and desperate for his big break, aspiring filmmaker bobby bowfinger concocts a crazy plan to make his ultimate dream movie. rallying a ragtag team that includes a starry-eyed ingenue, a has-been diva and a film studio gofer, he sets out to shoot a blockbuster featuring the biggest star in hollywood, kit ramsey -- only without letting ramsey know he s in the picture. the con is on. bowfinger"
"heaven can wait american football sport afterlife remake based on play or musical cheating wife quarterback superbowl joe pendleton is a quarterback preparing to lead his team to the superbowl when he is almost killed in an accident. an overanxious angel plucks him to heaven only to discover that he wasn t ready to die, and that his body has been cremated. a new body must be found, and that of a recently murdered millionaire is chosen. his wife and accountant, the murderers, are confused by this development, as he buys the l.a. rams in order to once again quarterback them into the superbowl.  heaven can wait"
and now for something completely different blackmail stupidity based on tv series spoof compilation musical number lumberjack monty python dead parrot twit physical comedy intentional mistranslation foot race obstacle course anarchic comedy a collection of monty python s flying circus skits from the first two seasons of their british tv series. if the motion picture industry dies… monty python killed it! and now for something completely different
"airplane! chicago alcohol cataclysm guitar medicine taxi driver passenger saxophone stewardess pilot airplane fear of flying air controller landing autopilot kiss spoof los angeles alcohol abuse aftercreditsstinger anarchic comedy alcoholic pilot, ted striker has developed a fear of flying due to wartime trauma, but nevertheless boards a passenger jet in an attempt to woo back his stewardess girlfriend. food poisoning decimates the passengers and crew, leaving it up to striker to land the plane with the help of a glue-sniffing air traffic controller and striker s vengeful former air force captain, who must both talk him down. what s slower than a speeding bullet, and able to hit tall buildings at a single bound? airplane!"
"airplane ii: the sequel moon space marine coffee space travel spoof bomb planting aftercreditsstinger anarchic comedy a faulty computer causes a passenger space shuttle to head straight for the sun, and man-with-a-past, ted striker must save the day and get the shuttle back on track – again – all the while trying to patch up his relationship with elaine. for the ride of your life... all you need for christmas are your two front seats! airplane ii: the sequel"
"european vacation london, england game show chaos travel family vacation eiffel tower paris marriage problems interrupted vacation woman director the griswalds win a vacation to europe on a game show, and thus pack their bags for the continent. they do their best to catch the flavor of europe, but they just don t know how to be be good tourists. besides, they have trouble taking holidays in countries where they can speak the language. for over two thousand years, europe has survived many great disasters. now for the real test. chevy chase & his family are coming from america! national lampoon s european vacation"
"vacation new york saxophone independent film drifter mental illness in downtown manhattan, a twenty-something boy whose father is not around and whose mother is institutionalized, is a big charlie parker fan. he almost subconsciously searches for more meaning in his life and meets a few characters along the way.  permanent vacation"
"big baseball co-worker body-swap bronx, new york city pinball machine toy maker duet job promotion homesick new toy quarter unplugged electronic works yankee stadium bronx new york city wish fulfillment bunk bed woman director when a young boy makes a wish at a carnival machine to be big—he wakes up the following morning to find that it has been granted and his body has grown older overnight. but he is still the same 13-year-old boy inside. now he must learn how to cope with the unfamiliar world of grown-ups including getting a job and having his first romantic encounter with a woman. have you ever had a really big secret? big"
"pelican brief, the judge professor mission of murder supreme court legal thriller two supreme court justices have been assassinated. one lone law student has stumbled upon the truth. an investigative journalist wants her story. everybody else wants her dead.  the pelican brief"
"christmas story, a holiday christmas hundreds of years ago in lapland, a little boy named nikolas loses his family in an accident. the villagers decide to look after the orphaned boy together. once a year - at christmas - nikolas moves to a new home. to show his gratitude, nikolas decides to make toys for the children of the families as good-bye presents. over the years, nikolas s former adoptive families become many, and soon almost every house has presents on its doorstep on christmas morning. at thirteen, nikolas is sent to live and work with iisakki, a grumpy old carpenter, who forbids nikolas to continue making presents for christmas. gradually, however, nikolas wins iisakki s trust. together they begin to look after the christmas traditional that nikolas has begun. when the aged iisakki has to leave nikolas and move away, the tradition of christmas presents is once again at risk. thankfully, nikolas comes up with a solution that brings children joy every christmas, even continuing to today.  joulutarina"
"mickey blue eyes new york marriage proposal fbi mafia boss mafia an english auctioneer proposes to the daughter of a mafia kingpin, only to realize that certain  favors  would be asked of him. a romantic comedy you can t refuse mickey blue eyes"
"universal soldier vietnam barrage revitalization reporter soldier an american soldier who had been killed during the vietnam war is revived 25 years later by the military as a semi-android, unisols, a high-tech soldier of the future. after the failure of the initiative to erase all the soldier s memories, he begins to experience flashbacks that are forcing him to recall his past. the future has a bad attitude. universal soldier"
"three days of the condor cia office condor a bookish cia researcher finds all his co-workers dead, and must outwit those responsible until he figures out who he can really trust. his cia code name is condor. in the next seventy-two hours almost everyone he trusts will try to kill him. three days of the condor"
"13th warrior, the witch snake cave arabian kingdom scandinavia bagdad viking iraq war deception mission barbarian violence demon combat sword and sorcery 10th century a muslim ambassador exiled from his homeland, ahmad ibn fadlan finds himself in the company of vikings. while the behavior of the norsemen initially offends ibn fadlan, the more cultured outsider grows to respect the tough, if uncouth, warriors. during their travels together, ibn fadlan and the vikings get word of an evil presence closing in, and they must fight the frightening and formidable force, which was previously thought to exist only in legend. prey for the living. the 13th warrior"
"astronaut s wife, the husband wife relationship pregnancy space travel space mission astronaut when astronaut spencer armacost returns to earth after a mission that nearly cost him his life, he decides to take a desk job in order to see his beautiful wife, jillian, more often. gradually, jillian notices that spencer s personality seems to have changed, but her concerns fade when she discovers that she s pregnant. as jillian grows closer to becoming a mother, her suspicions about spencer return. why does it seem as if he s a different person? how well do you know the one you love? the astronaut s wife"
"stigmata vatican miracle faith clergyman atheist a young woman with no strong religious beliefs, frankie paige begins having strange and violent experiences, showing signs of the wounds that jesus received when crucified. when the vatican gets word of frankie s situation, a high-ranking cardinal requests that the rev. andrew kiernan investigate her case. soon kiernan realizes that very sinister forces are at work, and tries to rescue frankie from the entity that is plaguing her. the messenger must be silenced. stigmata"
"stir of echoes cemetery secret obsession paranoia grave haunted house hypnosis tools clairvoyance murder disappearance psychic ghost neighborhood repressed memory hearing voices after being hypnotized by his sister in law, tom witzky begins seeing haunting visions of a girl s ghost and a mystery begins to unfold around her. in every mind there is a door that should never be opened. stir of echoes"
"yellow submarine submarine surreal music liverpool blase the beatles admiral apple cult film phantasmagoria color sgt. pepper s lonely hearts club band psychadelic the blue meanies take over pepperland, draining it of all its color and music, firing anti-music missiles, bonking people with green apples, and turning the inhabitants to stone by way of the pointed finger of a giant blue glove. as the only survivor, the lord admiral escapes in the yellow submarine and goes to liverpool to enlist the help of the beatles. nothing is real. yellow submarine"
"american beauty adultery movie business parent child relationship midlife crisis coming out first time camcorder virgin estate agent cheerleader rose satire loneliness dark comedy suburbia coming of age marijuana exercise extramarital affair quitting a job retired army man affair closeted homosexual lester burnham, a depressed suburban father in a mid-life crisis, decides to turn his hectic life around after developing an infatuation with his daughter s attractive friend. look closer. american beauty"
"for love of the game baseball trainer career legend training sport a baseball legend almost finished with his distinguished career at the age of forty has one last chance to prove who he is, what he is capable of, and win the heart of the woman he has loved for the past four years. billy chapel must choose between the woman he loves and the game he lives for. for love of the game"
"hard day s night, a adolescence great britain culture clash pop culture press conference song behind the scenes fame police chase the beatles mockumentary older man younger woman relationship band cult film shaving the beatles song swinging 60s railway station performer psychotronic generation gap television director capturing john lennon, paul mccartney, george harrison and ringo starr in their electrifying element,  a hard day s night  is a wildly irreverent journey through this pastiche of a day in the life of the beatles during 1964. the band have to use all their guile and wit to avoid the pursuing fans and press to reach their scheduled television performance, in spite of paul s troublemaking grandfather and ringo s arrest. the beatles, starring in their first full-length, hilarious, action-packed film! a hard day s night"
"deliverance river banjo strangeness georgia wound wilderness canoe rafting hillbilly cult film rapids intent on seeing the cahulawassee river before it s turned into one huge lake, outdoor fanatic lewis medlock takes his friends on a river-rafting trip they ll never forget into the dangerous american back-country. what did happen on the cahulawassee river? deliverance"
"excalibur holy grail love triangle england prophecy adultery witch mythology magic fog castle merlin knight vision king arthur tournament duel battle mist excalibur wizard lancelot a surreal adaptation of sir thomas malory s  le morte d arthur , chronicling arthur pendragon s conception, his rise to the throne, the search by his knights of the round table for the holy grail, and ultimately his death. forged by a god. foretold by a wizard. found by a king. excalibur"
"double jeopardy prison sailboat sailing trip new orleans women s prison probation murder hunt a woman framed for her husband s murder suspects he is still alive; as she has already been tried for the crime, she can t be re-prosecuted if she finds and kills him. murder isn t always a crime. double jeopardy"
"three kings gold gulf war three kings iraq kuwait rescue interracial relationship treasure map soldier u.s. soldier gold theft persian gulf emergency surgery mine field a group of american soldiers stationed in iraq at the end of the gulf war find a map they believe will take them to a huge cache of stolen kuwaiti gold hidden near their base, and they embark on a secret mission that s destined to change everything. it s good to be king. three kings"
phantasm  an 8mm animated short that was produced by hiroshi harada in his early college years.  燈芸館
"boys don t cry rape sex identity small town based on a true story love friends murder romance true transgender anger hate crime woman director nebraska trans man small town murder transphobia gender identity female born, teena brandon adopts his male identity of brandon teena and attempts to find himself and love in nebraska. a true story about finding the courage to be yourself. boys don t cry"
"limey, the prison release from prison suitcase record producer investigation daughter loss revenge stakeout ex-con warehouse hired killer narcotics motel room neo-noir 1960s the limey follows wilson, a tough english ex-con who travels to los angeles to avenge his daughter s death. upon arrival, wilson goes to task battling valentine and an army of l.a. s toughest criminals, hoping to find clues and piece together what happened. after surviving a near-death beating, getting thrown from a building and being chased down a dangerous mountain road, the englishman decides to dole out some bodily harm of his own. vengeance knows no boundaries. the limey"
"risky business brothel high school party meet joel goodson, an industrious, college-bound 17-year-old and a responsible, trustworthy son. however, when his parents go away and leave him home alone in the wealthy chicago suburbs with the porsche at his disposal he quickly decides he has been good for too long and it is time to enjoy himself. after an unfortunate incident with the porsche joel must raise some cash, in a risky way. time of your life, huh kid. risky business"
"total recall oxygen falsely accused resistance mars double life telepathy mutant hologram space colony false identity secret agent dystopia cyberpunk false memory robot cop implanted memory philip k. dick construction worker douglas quaid discovers a memory chip in his brain during a virtual-reality trip. he also finds that his past has been invented to conceal a plot of planetary domination. soon, he s off to mars to find out who he is and who planted the chip. they stole his mind, now he wants it back. total recall"
"body heat prison smoking florida infidelity femme fatale murder no air conditioning neo-noir heatwave in the midst of a searing florida heat wave, a woman convinces her lover, a small-town lawyer, to murder her rich husband. as the temperature rises, the suspense begins. body heat"
"ferris bueller s day off chicago independence high school dress teen movie fantasy sequence car theft aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger truancy a high school slacker pretends to be sick to skip school and have an exciting day off alongside his girlfriend and his best buddy through chicago, while trying to outwit his obsessive school principal and his unconformited sister along the way. one man s struggle to take it easy. ferris bueller s day off"
"year of living dangerously civil war dwarf journalism embassy photography indonesia falling in love java 1960s jakarta australian journalist guy hamilton travels to indonesia to cover civil strife in 1965. there, on the eve of an attempted coup, he befriends a chinese australian photographer with a deep connection to and vast knowledge of the indonesian people and also falls in love with a british national. a love caught in the fire of revolution. the year of living dangerously"
"hairspray baltimore integration racial segregation hair detention woman played by man intercultural relationship interracial love interracial friendship fashion model drag 1960s dance show ample teen tracy turnblad wants nothing more than to be on the hip local tv dance program,  the corny collins show  -- and when her dream comes true, her lively moves and bubbly personality meet with unexpected popularity. but after witnessing firsthand the terrible state of race relations in 1960s baltimore, turnblad becomes an outspoken advocate for desegregation. the world was in a mess... but their hair was perfect!! hairspray"
flashdance dancing dance locksmith welder the popular 1980s dance movie that depicts the life of an exotic dancer with a side job as a welder whose true desire is to get into ballet school. it’s her dream to be a professional dancer and now is her chance. she works in a man s world. she dances in the world of her dreams. flashdance
"dirty dozen, the nazi sequel french resistance soldier monastery learning of a nazi plot to attack washington, d.c. with a deadly nerve gas, major wright leads twelve convicts on a suicide mission deep into occupied france to destroy the secret factory where the poison is made. when it s impossible... send in the dozen. the dirty dozen: the deadly mission"
"goldfinger england based on novel or book golf secret organization secret intelligence service nuclear radiation fort knox aston martin secret lab laser kentucky gas attack airplane british secret service duringcreditsstinger special agent 007 comes face to face with one of the most notorious villains of all time, and now he must outwit and outgun the powerful tycoon to prevent him from cashing in on a devious scheme to raid fort knox -- and obliterate the world s economy. everything he touches turns into excitement! goldfinger"
"from russia with love venice, italy london, england terror england gypsy assassination spy assassin based on novel or book istanbul russia secret mission secret organization secret intelligence service kgb orient express zagreb gondola phantom villain duringcreditsstinger agent 007 is back in the second installment of the james bond series, this time battling a secret crime organization known as spectre. russians rosa klebb and kronsteen are out to snatch a decoding device known as the lektor, using the ravishing tatiana to lure bond into helping them. bond willingly travels to meet tatiana in istanbul, where he must rely on his wits to escape with his life in a series of deadly encounters with the enemy the world s masters of murder pull out all the stops to destroy agent 007! from russia with love"
"dr. no london, england england assassination spy casino based on novel or book exotic island card game space marine intelligence jamaica secret base secret mission baccarat secret organization secret intelligence service nuclear radiation villain secret agent atomic reactor caribbean in the film that launched the james bond saga, agent 007 battles mysterious dr. no, a scientific genius bent on destroying the u.s. space program. as the countdown to disaster begins, bond must go to jamaica, where he encounters beautiful honey ryder, to confront a megalomaniacal villain in his massive island headquarters. now meet the most extraordinary gentleman spy in all fiction! dr. no"
"blue lagoon, the island marooned pacific island teenager deserted island tropical island in this sequel to the 1980 classic, two children are stranded on a beautiful island in the south pacific. with no adults to guide them, the two make a simple life together and eventually become tanned teenagers in love. return to the romance, return to the adventure... return to the blue lagoon"
"fistful of dollars, a gang war greed hostility remake murder spaghetti western the man with no name enters the mexican village of san miguel in the midst of a power struggle among the three rojo brothers and sheriff john baxter. when a regiment of mexican soldiers bearing gold intended to pay for new weapons is waylaid by the rojo brothers, the stranger inserts himself into the middle of the long-simmering battle, selling false information to both sides for his own benefit. in his own way he is perhaps, the most dangerous man who ever lived! per un pugno di dollari"
"home alone 2: lost in new york holiday new york usa burglar sequel little boy new york city home invasion family lost precocious child home alone mischievous child christmas child rescue instead of flying to florida with his folks, kevin ends up alone in new york, where he gets a hotel room with his dad s credit card—despite problems from a clerk and meddling bellboy. but when kevin runs into his old nemeses, the wet bandits, he s determined to foil their plans to rob a toy store on christmas eve. he s up past his bedtime in the city that never sleeps. home alone 2: lost in new york"
"fight club support group dual identity nihilism fight rage and hate insomnia dystopia alter ego violence cult film split personality quitting a job dissociative identity disorder a ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. their concept catches on, with underground  fight clubs  forming in every town, until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion. mischief. mayhem. soap. fight club"
"straight story, the sibling relationship mississippi wisconsin lawnmower iowa biography based on a true story independent film family relationships family road movie elderly man a retired farmer and widower in his 70s, alvin straight learns one day that his distant brother lyle has suffered a stroke and may not recover. alvin is determined to make things right with lyle while he still can, but his brother lives in wisconsin, while alvin is stuck in iowa with no car and no driver s license. then he hits on the idea of making the trip on his old lawnmower, thus beginning a picturesque and at times deeply spiritual odyssey. a true story that proves a little determination goes a very, very long way. the straight story"
"time bandits dwarf treasure map magic robin hood time travel napoleon titanic cage pig satire steampunk minotaur independent film good vs evil tank burglary cult film arm wrestling ancient greece giant ogre turned into animal young history buff kevin can scarcely believe it when six dwarfs emerge from his closet one night. former employees of the supreme being, they ve purloined a map charting all of the holes in the fabric of time and are using it to steal treasures from different historical eras. taking kevin with them, they variously drop in on napoleon, robin hood and king agamemnon before the supreme being catches up with them. all the dreams you ve ever had and not just the good ones. time bandits"
"crimes and misdemeanors new york adultery assassin professor brother-in-law murder mistress doctor hired killer documentary filmmaking an ophthalmologist s mistress threatens to reveal their affair to his wife, while a married documentary filmmaker is infatuated by another woman. a film about humanity. crimes and misdemeanors"
"bringing out the dead new york coma ambulance night life drug addiction hallucination dying and death night ambulance man alcoholism teacher hospital violence city drugs illegal prostitution road movie euthanasia 48 hours in the life of a burnt-out paramedic. once called father frank for his efforts to rescue lives, frank sees the ghosts of those he failed to save around every turn. he has tried everything he can to get fired, calling in sick, delaying taking calls where he might have to face one more victim he couldn t help, yet cannot quit the job on his own. saving a life is the ultimate rush. bringing out the dead"
"robocop cyborg crime fighter experiment dystopia weapon cyberpunk detroit law enforcement gentrification robocop in a violent, near-apocalyptic detroit, evil corporation omni consumer products wins a contract from the city government to privatize the police force. to test their crime-eradicating cyborgs, the company leads street cop alex murphy into an armed confrontation with crime lord boddicker so they can use his body to support their untested robocop prototype. but when robocop learns of the company s nefarious plans, he turns on his masters. part man. part machine. all cop. the future of law enforcement. robocop"
"robocop 2 cyborg police sequel cyberpunk robot drugs police officer robocop after a successful deployment of the robocop law enforcement unit, ocp sees its goal of urban pacification come closer and closer, but as this develops, a new narcotic known as  nuke  invades the streets led by god-delirious leader cane. as this menace grows, it may prove to be too much for murphy to handle. ocp tries to replicate the success of the first unit, but ends up with failed prototypes with suicidal issues... until dr. faxx, a scientist straying away from ocp s path, uses cane as the new subject for the robocop 2 project, a living god. he s back to protect the innocent. robocop 2"
"who framed roger rabbit? falsely accused movie business hiding place suspicion of murder mental breakdown innocence cartoon cartoon sex los angeles rabbit love sickness private detective movie star cartoon rabbit neo-noir 1940s live action and animation  toon star roger is worried that his wife jessica is playing pattycake with someone else, so the studio hires detective eddie valiant to snoop on her. but the stakes are quickly raised when marvin acme is found dead and roger is the prime suspect. it s the story of a man, a woman, and a rabbit in a triangle of trouble. who framed roger rabbit"
"for your eyes only london, england submarine england sea assassin mountain undercover olympic games drug traffic secret mission secret intelligence service kgb coral reef ski jump parrot cryptographic device gang of smugglers figure skating motorcycle monastery british secret service snow skiing a british spy ship has sunk and on board was a hi-tech encryption device. james bond is sent to find the device that holds british launching instructions before the enemy soviets get to it first. no one comes close to james bond, 007. for your eyes only"
"licence to kill corruption florida secret identity liberation of prisoners drug traffic floatplane transport of prisoners tank car florida keys coast guard airplane british secret service 007 when drug lord franz sanchez exacts his brutal vengeance on bond s friend felix leiter, 007 resigns from the british secret service and begins a fierce vendetta against the master criminal. bond won t be satisfied until sanchez is defeated, and to accomplish this aim he allies himself with a beautiful pilot and sanchez s sexy girlfriend. his bad side is a dangerous place to be. licence to kill"
"live and let die london, england new york bomb england spy sheriff based on novel or book dual identity secret identity boat drug traffic tarot cards heroin crocodile jamaica secret mission secret intelligence service drug smuggle voodoo tombstone speedboat  aftercreditsstinger james bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a british agent in new orleans. soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named mr. big. roger moore is james bond. live and let die"
thunderball paris france spy sea florida fighter pilot sanatorium secret organization nuclear missile coral reef bahamas secret agent scuba diving british spy shark scuba british secret service big ben a criminal organization has obtained two nuclear bombs and are asking for a 100 million pound ransom in the form of diamonds in seven days or they will use the weapons. the secret service sends james bond to the bahamas to once again save the world. look up!  look down!  look out! thunderball
"house on haunted hill, the lunatic asylum aftercreditsstinger a remake of the 1959 film of the same name. a millionaire offers a group of diverse people $1,000,000 to spend the night in a haunted house with a horrifying past. evil loves to party. house on haunted hill"
"being john malkovich individual transvestism sexual identity witch identity subconsciousness new identity pet chimp puppeteer appropriation of another human being externally controlled action brain pet shop secret love one day at work, unsuccessful puppeteer craig finds a portal into the head of actor john malkovich. the portal soon becomes a passion for anybody who enters it s mad and controlling world of overtaking another human body. ever wanted to be someone else? now you can. being john malkovich"
"princess mononoke, the  mononoke hime  fight wolf leprosy pan wild boar territory feral child friendship princess good vs evil rural setting decapitation spirit demon deforestation anime ashitaka, a prince of the disappearing emishi people, is cursed by a demonized boar god and must journey to the west to find a cure. along the way, he encounters san, a young human woman fighting to protect the forest, and lady eboshi, who is trying to destroy it. ashitaka must find a way to bring balance to this conflict. the fate of the world rests on the courage of one warrior. もののけ姫"
"bone collector, the paraplegic investigation psychopath rookie cop, amelia donaghy reluctantly teams with lincoln rhyme – formerly the department s top homicide detective but now paralyzed as a result of a spinal injury – to catch a grisly serial killer dubbed  the bone collector . the murderer s special signature is to leave tantalizing clues based on the grim remains of his crimes. serial killer vs. forensic genius the bone collector"
"insider, the spy journalism newspaper research interview tobacco insider conspiracy theory reporter whistleblower tobacco industry tells the true story of a 60 minutes television series exposé of the tobacco industry, as seen through the eyes of a real tobacco executive, jeffrey wigand. two men driven to tell the truth … whatever the cost. the insider"
"creepshow monster halloween meteor buried alive cockroach anthology based on comic gore animated sequence zombie living dead inspired by the e.c. comics of the 1950s, george a. romero and stephen king bring five tales of terror to the screen. the most fun you ll ever have... being scared! creepshow"
"drugstore cowboy individual robbery drug abuse sheriff support group 1970s portland drug dealer junkie overdose drugstore group therapy hat motel heroin superstition independent film bob hughes is the leader of a  family  of drug addicts consisting of his wife, dianne, and another couple who feed their habit by robbing drug stores as they travel across the country.  drugstore cowboy"
"falling down detective homophobia desperation birthday vandalism rocket launcher traffic jam retirement gang briefcase los angeles violence divorce anger pier hispanic inequality road rage urban decay convenience store laid off price gouging on the day of his daughter s birthday, william  d-fens  foster is trying to get to the home of his estranged ex-wife to see his daughter. his car breaks down, so he leaves his car in a traffic jam in los angeles and decides to walk. he goes to a convenience store and tries to get some change for a phone call, but the korean owner does not oblige, tipping foster over the edge. the unstable foster, so frustrated with the various flaws he sees in society, begins to psychotically and violently lash out against them. a tale of urban reality falling down"
"spaceballs android laser gun swordplay temple space marine space battle space travel space mission galaxy comb altar magnet beam jam speed of light plastic surgery password shield nose satire parody spoof when the nefarious dark helmet hatches a plan to snatch princess vespa and steal her planet s air, space-bum-for-hire lone starr and his clueless sidekick fly to the rescue. along the way, they meet yogurt, who puts lone starr wise to the power of  the schwartz.  can he master it in time to save the day? may the schwartz be with you spaceballs"
"robin hood hero fox robin hood forest right and justice outlaw thief bear teacher animal as human sherwood forest animal with king richard off to the crusades, prince john and his slithering minion, sir hiss, set about taxing nottingham s citizens with support from the corrupt sheriff - and staunch opposition by the wily robin hood and his band of merry men. meet robin hood and his merry menagerie! robin hood"
"mister roberts world war ii navy a hilarious and heartfelt military comedy-drama co-directed by john ford and mervyn leroy, mister roberts stars henry fonda as an officer who s yearning for battle but is stuck in the backwaters of world war ii on a noncommissioned navy ship run by the bullying capt. morton  james cagney . jack lemmon enjoys a star-making turn as the freewheeling ensign pulver, and william powell stars as the ship s doctor in his last screen role.  based on the 1946 novel with the same name, by thomas heggen, and the 1948 broadway play, written by thomas heggen and joshua logan. henry fonda also starred in the original broadway production. warner bros. didn t want fonda to star in the film, as they thought he was too old, and had been a stage player for so long  8 years , that he no longer was box office material. however, john ford insisted on fonda and the company eventually agreed. all the uproarious fun of the smash broadway play! mister roberts"
"little big man based on novel or book indian territory fight settler native american orphan cheyenne george armstrong custer 19th century jack crabb, looking back from extreme old age, tells of his life being raised by indians and fighting with general custer. either the most neglected hero in history or a liar of insane proportion! little big man"
trading places philadelphia christmas party christmas tree rags to riches broker beggar wager fish out of water millionaire commodities investor big shot hoodlum wrongful arrest gorilla costume riches to rags santa claus costume a snobbish investor and a wily street con-artist find their positions reversed as part of a bet by two callous millionaires. they re not just getting rich... they re getting even. trading places
dead again amnesia nightmare hypnosis therapy in 1949 composer roman strauss is executed for the vicious murder of his wife margaret with a pair of scissors. in 1990s los angeles a mute amnesiac woman shows up at an orphanage and private eye mike church is called in to investigate. under hypnosis both the woman and church seem to have a strange link back to the strauss murder. a mystery about true love...and certain death. dead again
"dogma angel wisconsin church service satire dark comedy religion church aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger the latest battle in the eternal war between good and evil has come to new jersey in the late, late 20th century. angels, demons, apostles and prophets  of a sort  walk among the cynics and innocents of america and duke it out for the fate of humankind. it can be hell getting into heaven dogma"
"messenger: the story of joan of arc, the france rape siege biography necrophilia politics orléans hundred years  war burned alive heroine burned at the stake joan of arc dauphin 15th century heretic charles vii 1420s religious conviction anachronistic trebuchet in 1429 a teenage girl from a remote french village stood before her king with a message she claimed came from god; that she would defeat the world s greatest army and liberate her country from its political and religious turmoil. following her mission to reclaim god s diminished kingdom - through her amazing victories until her violent and untimely death.  joan of arc"
"commitments, the dublin ireland cult film music band jimmy rabbitte, just a tick out of school, gets a brilliant idea: to put a soul band together in barrytown, his slum home in north dublin. first he needs musicians and singers: things slowly start to click when he finds three fine-voiced females virtually in his back yard, a lead singer  deco  at a wedding, and, responding to his ad, an aging trumpet player, joey  the lips  fagan. they had nothing to lose, they risked it all. the commitments"
"longest day, the resistance world war ii normandy allied based on a true story steel helmet soldier the retelling of june 6, 1944, from the perspectives of the germans, us, british, canadians, and the free french. marshall erwin rommel, touring the defenses being established as part of the reich s atlantic wall, notes to his officers that when the allied invasion comes they must be stopped on the beach.  for the allies as well as the germans, it will be the longest day  this is the day that changed the world... when history held its breath. the longest day"
"women on the verge of a nervous breakdown madrid airport terrorist suicide attempt pregnancy relationship ex-wife spectacle sleeping pill pepa resolves to kill herself with a batch of sleeping-pill-laced gazpacho after her lover leaves her. fortunately, she is interrupted by a deliciously chaotic series of events. a comedy about someone you know mujeres al borde de un ataque de nervios"
"verdict, the coma boston court malpractice redemption alcoholic courtroom defense attorney pinball machine courtroom drama frank galvin is a down-on-his luck lawyer, reduced to drinking and ambulance chasing. former associate mickey morrissey reminds him of his obligations in a medical malpractice suit that he himself served to galvin on a silver platter: all parties willing to settle out of court. blundering his way through the preliminaries, he suddenly realizes that perhaps after all the case should go to court; to punish the guilty, to get a decent settlement for his clients, and to restore his standing as a lawyer. the doctors want to settle, the church wants to settle, their lawyers want to settle, and even his own clients are desperate to settle. but galvin is determined to defy them all. he will try the case. the verdict"
"adventures of buckaroo bonzai across the 8th dimension, the    "
"stand and deliver education mathematics drop-out based on a true story teacher high school teacher mexican american jaime escalante is a mathematics teacher in a school in a hispanic neighbourhood. convinced that his students have potential, he adopts unconventional teaching methods to try and turn gang members and no-hopers into some of the country s top algebra and calculus students. at a tough school, someone had to take a stand...and someone did. together, one teacher and one class proved to america they could... stand and deliver"
"moonstruck new york italian american love letter lover full moon italian restaurant no sooner does italian-american widow loretta accept a marriage proposal from her doltish boyfriend, johnny, than she finds herself falling for his younger brother, ronny. she tries to resist, but ronny lost his hand in an accident he blames on his brother, and has no scruples about aggressively pursuing her while johnny is out of the country. as loretta falls deeper in love, she comes to learn that she s not the only one in her family with a secret romance. life. family. love. moonstruck"
sleepy hollow headless horseman new york detective ichabod crane is sent to sleepy hollow to investigate a series of mysterious deaths in which the victims are found beheaded. but the locals believe the culprit to be none other than the ghost of the legendary headless horseman. heads will roll. sleepy hollow
"world is not enough, the british mission oil heiress bilbao spain british secret service greed, revenge, world dominance and high-tech terrorism – it s all in a day s work for bond, who s on a mission to protect a beautiful oil heiress from a notorious terrorist. in a race against time that culminates in a dramatic submarine showdown, bond works to defuse the international power struggle that has the world s oil supply hanging in the balance. as the countdown begins for the new millennium there is still one number you can always count on. the world is not enough"
"all about my mother  todo sobre mi madre  barcelona spain transvestism transsexuality drug abuse transplantation madrid birthday autograph friend a single mother in madrid sees her only son die on his birthday as he runs to seek an actress  autograph. beside herself with grief, she returns to barcelona to tell the boy s father about the death of the son he never knew he had. part of every woman is a mother/actress/saint/sinner. and part of every man is a woman. todo sobre mi madre"
"scrooged holiday tv ratings ghost duringcreditsstinger christmas music christmas in this modern take on charles dickens   a christmas carol,  frank cross  bill murray  is a wildly successful television executive whose cold ambition and curmudgeonly nature has driven away the love of his life, claire phillips  karen allen . but after firing a staff member, eliot loudermilk  bobcat goldthwait , on christmas eve, frank is visited by a series of ghosts who give him a chance to re-evaluate his actions and right the wrongs of his past. the spirits will move you in odd and hysterical ways. scrooged"
"harvey sibling relationship sanatorium rabbi imaginary friend mental institution police officer screwball comedy aunt nephew relationship commitment 1950s the classic stage hit gets the hollywood treatment in the story of elwood p. dowd who makes friends with a spirit taking the form of a human-sized rabbit named harvey that only he sees  and a few privileged others on occasion also.  after his sister tries to commit him to a mental institution, a comedy of errors ensues. elwood and harvey become the catalysts for a family mending its wounds and for romance blossoming in unexpected places. the wonderful pulitzer prize play … becomes one of the great motion pictures of our time! harvey"
"grapes of wrath, the california capitalism based on novel or book ex-detainee oklahoma farm great depression jail road movie tom joad returns to his home after a jail sentence to find his family kicked out of their farm due to foreclosure. he catches up with them on his uncle’s farm, and joins them the next day as they head for california and a new life... hopefully. the joads step right out of the pages of the novel that has shocked millions! the grapes of wrath"
"natural, the corruption baseball attempted murder talent child prodigy sport femme fatale redemption lightning bolt an unknown middle-aged batter named roy hobbs with a mysterious past appears out of nowhere to take a losing 1930s baseball team to the top of the league. he lived for a dream that wouldn t die. the natural"
"river runs through it, a individual sibling relationship gambling montana journalist prohibition fishing fly fishing pastor a river runs through is a cinematographically stunning true story of norman maclean. the story follows norman and his brother paul through the experiences of life and growing up, and how their love of fly fishing keeps them together despite varying life circumstances in the untamed west of montana in the 1920 s. the story of an american family. a river runs through it"
fatal attraction new york sexual obsession husband wife relationship deceived wife marriage crisis lawyer extramarital affair erotic movie dead rabbit a married man s one night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family. a look that led to an evening. a mistake he ll regret... for the rest of his life. fatal attraction
"midnight run crooked lawyer bail jumper mafia accountant stretch limousine manhattan, new york city southwestern u.s. bus station police surveillance an accountant embezzles $15 million of mob money, jumps bail and is chased by bounty hunters, the fbi, and the mafia. this could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship. midnight run"
"awakenings coma based on novel or book experiment miracle hope based on a true story hospital illness woman director comatose dr. malcolm sayer, a shy research physician, uses an experimental drug to  awaken  the catatonic victims of a rare disease. leonard is the first patient to receive the controversial treatment. his awakening, filled with awe and enthusiasm, proves a rebirth for sayer too, as the exuberant patient reveals life s simple but unutterably sweet pleasures to the introverted doctor. there is no such thing as a simple miracle. awakenings"
"backdraft sibling relationship corruption chicago fire office firemen danger of life investigation psychopath rescue fire fighting arson explosion pyromaniac fire fighter firemen brothers brian and stephen mccaffrey battle each other over past slights while trying to stop an arsonist with a diabolical agenda from torching chicago. silently behind a door, it waits. backdraft"
"fisher king, the holy grail loss of loved one homeless person sense of guilt suppressed past yuppie cynic self-discovery housebreaking forgiveness gun rampage talk show legend unsociability mental illness person running amok two troubled men face their terrible destinies and events of their past as they join together on a mission to find the holy grail and thus to save themselves. a modern day tale about the search for love, sanity, ethel merman and the holy grail. the fisher king"
"end of days christianity new year s eve pastor nightmare bible satanist faith ex-cop anti-christ millenium atheist priest hospital new york city explosion church devil stigmata on 28 december 1999, the citizens of new york city are getting ready for the turn of the millennium. however, the devil decides to crash the party by coming to the city, inhabiting a man s body, and searching for his chosen bride—a 20-year-old woman named christine york. the world will end, and the only hope lies within an atheist named jericho cane. prepare for the end. end of days"
"toy story 2 museum prosecution identity crisis airplane flea market collector teamwork friendship rescue team garage sale duringcreditsstinger toy comes to life personification inanimate objects coming to life andy heads off to cowboy camp, leaving his toys to their own devices. things shift into high gear when an obsessive toy collector named al mcwhiggen, owner of al s toy barn kidnaps woody. andy s toys mount a daring rescue mission, buzz lightyear meets his match and woody has to decide where he and his heart truly belong. the toys are back! toy story 2"
"green mile, the southern usa mentally disabled based on novel or book death row jail guard great depression supernatural prison guard jail electric chair magic realism healing 1930s a supernatural tale set on death row in a southern prison, where gentle giant john coffey possesses the mysterious power to heal people s ailments. when the cell block s head guard, paul edgecomb, recognizes coffey s miraculous gift, he tries desperately to help stave off the condemned man s execution. miracles do happen. the green mile"
"cider house rules, the based on novel or book drug addiction pregnancy orphanage maine cigarette smoking incest drug overdose war injury apple cider anesthetic incinerator picking apples 1920s homer is an orphan who was never adopted, becoming the favorite of orphanage director dr. larch. dr. larch imparts his full medical knowledge on homer, who becomes a skilled, albeit unlicensed, physician. but homer yearns for a self-chosen life outside the orphanage. what will homer learn about life and love in the cider house? what of the destiny that dr. larch has planned for him? a story about how far we must travel to find the place where we belong. the cider house rules"
"last picture show, the based on novel or book small town texas new love graduation high school graduation billiard hall graduation present movie theater elopement 1950s high school seniors and best friends, sonny and duane, live in a dying texas town. the handsome duane is dating local beauty, jacy, while sonny is having an affair with the coach s wife, ruth. as graduation nears, both boys contemplate their futures. while duane eyes the army and sonny takes over a local business, each boy struggles to figure out if he can escape this dead-end town and build a better life somewhere else. anarene, texas, 1951. nothing much has changed… the last picture show"
anna and the king civil war parent child relationship east india trading company traitor death penalty thailand palace burma daughter royalty teacher battle denunciation the story of the romance between the king of siam  now thailand  and the widowed british school teacher anna leonowens during the 1860s. anna teaches the children and becomes romanced by the king. she convinces him that a man can be loved by just one woman.  anna and the king
"bicentennial man android hologram freedom futuristic robot richard martin buys a gift, a new ndr-114 robot. the product is named andrew by the youngest of the family s children.  bicentennial man  follows the life and times of andrew, a robot purchased as a household appliance programmed to perform menial tasks. as andrew begins to experience emotions and creative thought, the martin family soon discovers they don t have an ordinary robot. one robot s 200 year journey to become an ordinary man. bicentennial man"
"stuart little sibling relationship based on novel or book cat mouse adoption gangster orphanage step brother kids and family world trade center the adventures of a heroic and debonair stalwart mouse named stuart little with human qualities, who faces some comic misadventures while searching for his lost bird friend and living with a human family as their child. the little family just got bigger stuart little"
"fantasia 2000 orchestra musical segments blending lively music and brilliant animation, this sequel to the original  fantasia  restores  the sorcerer s apprentice  and adds seven new shorts.  fantasia 2000"
"magnolia farewell loss of loved one regret parent child relationship suicide attempt becoming an adult dying and death chance child prodigy daughter unsociability reconciliation an epic mosaic of many interrelated characters in search of happiness, forgiveness, and meaning in the san fernando valley. things fall down. people look up. and when it rains, it pours. magnolia"
easy rider rebel adolescence brothel opium arbitrary law drug addiction drug traffic highway lsd music marijuana a cross-country trip to sell drugs puts two hippie bikers on a collision course with small-town prejudices. a man went looking for america and couldn’t find it anywhere ... easy rider
any given sunday american football trainer training american football coach sport american football stadium a star quarterback gets knocked out of the game and an unknown third stringer is called in to replace him. the unknown gives a stunning performance and forces the aging coach to reevaluate his game plans and life. a new co-owner/president adds to the pressure of winning. the new owner must prove her self in a male dominated world. play or be played. any given sunday
"man on the moon show business comedian wrestling a film about the life and career of the eccentric avant-garde comedian, andy kaufman. hello, my name is andy and this is my movie. man on the moon"
"galaxy quest spacecraft space battle spoof fictional tv show the stars of a 1980s sci-fi show—now eking out a living through re-runs and sci-fi conventions—are beamed aboard an alien spacecraft. believing the cast s heroic on-screen dramas are historical documents of real-life adventures, the band of aliens turn to the cast members for help in their quest to overcome the oppressive regime in their solar system. a comedy of galactic proportions. galaxy quest"
"talented mr. ripley, the  making the soundtrack of the hit film.  the talented mr. ripley: making the soundtrack"
"hurricane, the prison new jersey 1970s boxer boxing match boxing school biography based on memoir or autobiography 1960s boxing legal thriller the story of rubin  hurricane  carter, a boxer wrongly imprisoned for murder, and the people who aided in his fight to prove his innocence. his greatest fight was for justice. the hurricane"
"snow falling on cedars journalist wife fisherman war bias trial japanese american 1950s a japanese-american fisherman may have killed his neighbor carl at sea. in the 1950s, race figures in the trial. so does reporter ishmael. first loves last forever. snow falling on cedars"
"girl, interrupted based on novel or book suicide attempt identity puberty female friendship biography insanity borderline personality disorder based on a true story psychiatric hospital escape female protagonist mental institution based on memoir or autobiography psychiatrist hanging mental illness journal psychiatric ward self mutilation 1960s set in the changing world of the late 1960s, susanna kaysen s prescribed  short rest  from a psychiatrist she had met only once becomes a strange, unknown journey into alice s wonderland, where she struggles with the thin line between normal and crazy. susanna soon realizes how hard it is to get out once she has been committed, and she ultimately has to choose between the world of people who belong inside or the difficult world of reality outside. the crazy thing is, you re not crazy. girl, interrupted"
"stalag 17 chess spy plant guard escape security christmas barracks it s a dreary christmas 1944 for the american pows in stalag 17. for the men in barracks 4, all sergeants, have to deal with a grave problem - there seems to be a security leak. the germans always seem to be forewarned about escapes and in the most recent attempt the two men, manfredi and johnson, walked straight into a trap and were killed. for some in barracks 4, especially the loud-mouthed duke, the leaker is obvious: j.j. sefton, a wheeler-dealer who doesn t hesitate to trade with the guards and who has acquired goods and privileges that no other prisoner seems to have. sefton denies giving the germans any information and makes it quite clear that he has no intention of ever trying to escape. he plans to ride out the war in what little comfort he can arrange, but does it extend to spying for the germans? the star-spangled, laugh-loaded salute to our p.w. heros! stalag 17"
"papillon prison prison escape jungle based on memoir or autobiography labor camp devil s island prison brutality guyana 1930s a man befriends a fellow criminal as the two of them begin serving their sentence on a dreadful prison island, which inspires the man to plot his escape. the greatest adventure of escape! papillon"
"five easy pieces musician road trip diner hitchhiker drifter class differences washington state oil field rebelliousness pacific northwest a drop-out from upper-class america picks up work along the way on oil-rigs when his life isn t spent in a squalid succession of bars, motels, and other points of interest. he rode the fast lane on the road to nowhere. five easy pieces"
"dead calm loss of loved one sense of guilt toxication shipwreck married couple australian yacht australia car crash killing a dog sinking boat an australian couple take a sailing trip in the pacific to forget about a terrible accident. while on the open sea, in dead calm, they come across a ship with one survivor who is not at all what he seems. high seas. deep terror. try to stay calm. dead calm"
"fast times at ridgemont high sex rock  n  roll based on novel or book friendship high school shopping mall bong teacher coming of age marijuana loss of virginity drug humor teen movie stoner irreverence teen comedy convenience store woman director follows a group of high school students growing up in southern california, based on the real-life adventures chronicled by cameron crowe. stacy hamilton and mark ratner are looking for a love interest, and are helped along by their older classmates, linda barrett and mike damone, respectively. the center of the film is held by jeff spicoli, a perpetually stoned surfer dude who faces off with the resolute mr. hand, who is convinced that everyone is on dope. fast cars, fast girls, fast carrots...fast carrots? fast times at ridgemont high"
pacific heights san francisco cheating staircase attempted murder con man ladder psychopath lodger extreme violence home ownership vecino a couple works hard to renovate their dream house and become landlords to pay for it. unfortunately one of their tenants has plans of his own. where terror lives. pacific heights
"goodbye girl, the theatre play paula knows that, in romance, actors all follow the same stage instruction—exit. without warning, her actor boyfriend splits for a movie role, and sublet their manhattan apartment to elliot, an actor. thank you neil simon for making us laugh at falling in love...again. the goodbye girl"
"malcolm x islam new york prison assassination ku klux klan muslim police brutality beach koran jail guard prison cell bible biography martin luther king nation of islam civil rights movement  mekka pilgrimage cabriolet police historical figure based on memoir or autobiography malcolm x african american history a tribute to the controversial black activist and leader of the struggle for black liberation. he hit bottom during his imprisonment in the  50s, he became a black muslim and then a leader in the nation of islam. his assassination in 1965 left a legacy of self-determination and racial pride.  malcolm x"
"sister act nun church choir witness protection musical gospel concert murder singer singing nun fish out of water witness to murder mother superior monastery catholic church mob boss a reno singer witnesses a mob murder and the cops stash her in a nunnery to protect her from the mob s hitmen. the mother superior does not trust her, and takes steps to limit her influence on the other nuns. eventually the singer rescues the failing choir and begins helping with community projects, which gets her an interview on tv—and identification by the mob. no booze! no sex! no drugs!... no way! sister act"
"hand that rocks the cradle, the loss of loved one nanny destroy family s daily life infant rage and hate malice childlessness child wish child a suburban family chooses seemingly sweet peyton flanders as their newborn s nanny. only much later does the infant s mother, claire bartel, realize peyton s true intentions -- to destroy claire and replace her in the family. the nail-biting suspense builds quickly in this chilling psychological thriller about deception and bitter revenge. trust is her weapon. innocence her opportunity. revenge her only desire. the hand that rocks the cradle"
"alive rugby based on a true story stranded survival airplane wreck airplane crash freezing disaster movie cannibalism andes mountains the amazing, true story of a uruguayan rugby team s plane that crashed in the middle of the andes mountains, and their immense will to survive and pull through alive, forced to do anything and everything they could to stay alive on meager rations and through the freezing cold. the triumph of the human spirit alive"
"scent of a woman blindness and impaired vision tango thanksgiving boarding school prank colonel student blind new york city tears new england change of heart preparatory school ex military charlie simms is a student at a private preparatory school who comes from a poor family. to earn the money for his flight home to gresham, oregon for christmas, charlie takes a job over thanksgiving looking after retired u.s. army officer lieutenant colonel frank slade, a cantankerous middle-aged man who lives with his niece and her family. col. frank slade has a very special plan for the weekend! scent of a woman"
"wayne s world heavy metal television producer woman director when a sleazy tv exec offers wayne and garth a fat contract to tape their late-night public access show at his network, they can t believe their good fortune. but they soon discover the road from basement to big-time is a gnarly one, fraught with danger, temptation and ragin  party opportunities. you ll laugh. you ll cry. you ll hurl. wayne s world"
"wayne s world 2 love of one s life talk show kiss rock concert music tv program a message from jim morrison in a dream prompts cable access tv stars wayne and garth to put on a rock concert,  waynestock,  with aerosmith as headliners. but amid the preparations, wayne frets that a record producer is putting the moves on his girlfriend, cassandra, while garth handles the advances of mega-babe honey hornee. you ll laugh again! you ll cry again!! you ll hurl again!!! wayne s world 2"
"league of their own, a baseball world war ii sport baseball player female athlete home front woman director 1940s as america s stock of athletic young men is depleted during world war ii, a professional all-female baseball league springs up in the midwest, funded by publicity-hungry candy maker walter harvey  garry marshall . competitive sisters dottie hinson  geena davis  and kit keller  lori petty  spar with each other, scout ernie capadino  jon lovitz  and grumpy has-been coach jimmy dugan  tom hanks  on their way to fame. madonna and rosie o donnell co-star as two of the sisters  teammates. to achieve the incredible, you have to attempt the impossible. a league of their own"
"patriot games assassination assassin repayment ira  irish republican army  jack ryan when cia analyst jack ryan interferes with an ira assassination, a renegade faction targets jack and his family as revenge. not for honor. not for country. for his wife and child. patriot games"
"bodyguard, the sibling relationship anonymous letter diva bodyguard stalker los angeles a former secret service agent grudgingly takes an assignment to protect a pop idol who s threatened by a crazed fan. at first, the safety-obsessed bodyguard and the self-indulgent diva totally clash. but before long, all that tension sparks fireworks of another sort, and the love-averse tough guy is torn between duty and romance. never let her out of your sight. never let your guard down. never fall in love. the bodyguard"
"death becomes her jealousy beauty immortality rivalry potion drinking madeline is married to ernest, who was once arch-rival helen s fiance. after recovering from a mental breakdown, helen vows to kill madeline and steal back ernest. unfortunately for everyone, the introduction of a magic potion causes things to be a great deal more complicated than a mere murder plot. in one small bottle... the fountain of youth. the secret of eternal life. the power of an ancient potion. sometimes it works... sometimes it doesn t. death becomes her"
"far and away father murder american dream suspicion of murder lovers kiss irish a young man leaves ireland with his landlord s daughter after some trouble with her father, and they dream of owning land at the big giveaway in oklahoma ca. 1893. when they get to the new land, they find jobs and begin saving money. the man becomes a local barehands boxer, and rides in glory until he is beaten, then his employers steal all the couple s money and they must fight off starvation in the winter, and try to keep their dream of owning land alive. meanwhile, the woman s parents find out where she has gone and have come to america to find her and take her back. what they needed was a country big enough for their dreams. far and away"
"howards end london, england sibling relationship based on novel or book empowerment sister class differences english countryside turn of the century edwardian england early 1900s wealthy family sister sister relationship a saga of class relations and changing times in an edwardian england on the brink of modernity, the film centers on liberal margaret schlegel, who, along with her sister helen, becomes involved with two couples: wealthy, conservative industrialist henry wilcox and his wife ruth, and the downwardly mobile working-class leonard bast and his mistress jackie.  howards end"
"singles free love lovesickness roommate cheating ex-boyfriend ex-girlfriend love of one s life seattle blind date grunge romantic comedy about six of seattle s young people, most of whom live in the same apartment building and whose lives revolve around the city s ever-expanding music scene. the interrelated stories about each character s progress through the singles scene are intriguing and often very funny, and the soundtrack is a grunge fanatic s dream, with the likes of soundgarden, pearl jam and mudhoney. love is a game. easy to start. hard to finish. singles"
"white men can t jump white trash male friendship friendship sport basketball racial segregation streetball jeopardy los angeles hoodlum confidence artist hustling billy hoyle and sidney deane are an unlikely pair of basketball hustlers. they team up to con their way across the courts of los angeles, playing a game that s fast dangerous - and funny. it ain t easy being this good. white men can t jump"
"buffy the vampire slayer cheerleader vampire high school dating teenager fashion unlikely friendship valley girl woman director teenage mortality blonde, bouncy buffy is your typical high school cheerleader: her goal is to  marry christian slater and die,  and nothing gets in her way when it s time to shop! but all that changes when a strange man informs her she s been chosen by fate to kill vampires.  with the help of a romantic rebel, buffy is soon spending school nights protecting l.a. from lothos the vampire king, his sidekick, lefty, and their determined gang of bloodsuckers. it s everything you d expect from a teen queen in the valley. she knows a sucker when she sees one. buffy the vampire slayer"
"hard-boiled  lashou shentan   when insurance investigator carl seltz learns that he’s really a homicidal cyborg tax collector codenamed nixon, a fellow robot informs him that he’s the last hope for their race to escape their programmed slavery.  hard boiled"
"mariachi, el united states–mexico barrier killer legs cult film arms guitar case el mariachi just wants to play his guitar and carry on the family tradition. unfortunately, the town he tries to find work in has another visitor, a killer who carries his guns in a guitar case. the drug lord and his henchmen mistake el mariachi for the killer, azul, and chase him around town trying to kill him and get his guitar case. he didn t come looking for trouble, but trouble came looking for him. el mariachi"
"forever young experiment test person u.s. air force cryogenics airplane suspended animation a 1939 test pilot asks his best friend to use him as a guinea pig for a cryogenics experiment. daniel mccormick wants to be frozen for a year so that he doesn t have to watch his love lying in a coma. the next thing daniel knows is that he s been awoken in 1992. time waits for no man, but true love waits forever. forever young"
"of mice and men dream worker country life farm worker farm error great depression two drifters, one a gentle but slow giant, try to make money working the fields during the depression so they can fulfill their dreams. we have a dream. someday, we ll have a little house and a couple of acres. a place to call home. of mice and men"
"scream 3 movie business isolation mask ex-cop serial killer masked killer reporter slasher hollywood scream self-referential lured a murdering spree begins to happen again, this time its targeted toward the original woodsboro survivors and those associated with the movie inside a movie,  stab 3 . sydney must face the demons of her past to stop the killer. someone has taken their love of trilogies one step too far. scream 3"
"single white female sex stalker remote control puppy lesbian relationship basement photograph violence surprise party mental illness business card ice cream stairway software attractive manhattanite allison jones has it all: a handsome beau, a rent-controlled apartment, and a promising career as a fashion designer. when boyfriend sam proves unfaithful, allison strikes out on her own but must use the classifieds to seek out a roommate in order to keep her spacious digs. living with a roommate can be murder. single white female"
"beach, the hippie based on novel or book exotic island beach map group dynamics commune shark attack leader thailand community backpacker delusion marijuana youth shark extramarital affair twenty-something richard travels to thailand and finds himself in possession of a strange map. rumours state that it leads to a solitary beach paradise, a tropical bliss - excited and intrigued, he sets out to find it. somewhere on this planet it must exist. the beach"
boiler room finances long island stockbroker investment firm investment banker a college dropout gets a job as a broker for a suburban investment firm and is on the fast track to success—but the job might not be as legitimate as it sounds. welcome to the new american dream. boiler room
"pitch black darkness dystopia comet alien life-form survival eclipse flask flying monster spaceship crash when their ship crash-lands on a remote planet, the marooned passengers soon learn that escaped convict riddick isn t the only thing they have to fear. deadly creatures lurk in the shadows, waiting to attack in the dark, and the planet is rapidly plunging into the utter blackness of a total eclipse. with the body count rising, the doomed survivors are forced to turn to riddick with his eerie eyes to guide them through the darkness to safety. with time running out, there s only one rule: stay in the light. don t be afraid of the dark. be afraid of what s in the dark pitch black"
"whole nine yards, the chicago bounty gangster montreal mafia dentist hoodlum after a mobster agrees to cooperate with an fbi investigation in order to stay out of prison, he s relocated by the authorities to a life of suburban anonymity as part of a witness protection program. it s not long before a couple of his new neighbours figure out his true identity and come knocking to see if he d be up for one more hit—suburban style. in the heart of suburbia, a hit man with heart has just moved in. the whole nine yards"
wonder boys gay adultery robbery based on novel or book pennsylvania infidelity professor college police party liar marijuana writer university drugs dog bisexual man pittsburgh grady is a 50-ish english professor who hasn t had a thing published in years -- not since he wrote his award winning  great american novel  7 years ago. this weekend proves even worse than he could imagine as he finds himself reeling from one misadventure to another in the company of a new wonder boy author. undependable. unpredictable. unforgettable. wonder boys
"key largo hotel florida war veteran hurricane gangster florida keys widow wheelchair user    alcoholic humiliation death intimidation charter boat nightclub singer henchmen film noir moll local indians a hurricane swells outside, but it s nothing compared to the storm within the hotel at key largo. there, sadistic mobster johnny rocco holes up - and holds at gunpoint hotel owner james temple, his widowed daughter-in-law nora, and ex-gi frank mccloud. a storm of fear and fury in the sizzling florida keys! key largo"
"mission to mars mars spacecraft space travel space alien long take astronaut dismemberment alien contact trapped in space when contact is lost with the crew of the first mars expedition, a rescue mission is launched to discover their fate. let there be life. mission to mars"
"defending your life heaven afterlife in an afterlife resembling the present-day us, people must prove their worth by showing in court how they have demonstrated courage. the first true story of what happens after you die. defending your life"
"breaking away indiana bicycle sport working class teenage boy serenade quarry cycling bicycle race dave, nineteen, has just graduated high school, with his 3 friends, the comical cyril, the warm hearted but short-tempered moocher, and the athletic, spiteful but good-hearted mike. now, dave enjoys racing bikes and hopes to race the italians one day, and even takes up the italian culture, much to his friends and parents annoyance. the movie that tells you exactly what you can do with your high school diploma! breaking away"
"hoosiers parent child relationship indiana son sport high school basketball high school sports high school basketball is king in small-town indiana, and the 1954 hickory huskers are all hope and no talent. but their new coach -- abrasive, unlikable norman dale -- whips the team into shape ... while also inciting controversy. they needed a second chance to finish first. hoosiers"
"bull durham love triangle poem jealousy age difference baseball trainer sports team pitcher stadium flirt home run sport minor leagues veteran catcher crash davis is brought to the minor league durham bulls to help their up and coming pitching prospect,  nuke  laloosh. their relationship gets off to a rocky start and is further complicated when baseball groupie annie savoy sets her sights on the two men. romance is a lot like baseball. it s not whether you win or lose. it s how you play the game. bull durham"
"dog day afternoon gay bank hostage fbi asthma police sex change new york city one day bank robbery brooklyn, new york city lgbt bank cashier car procession attica unhappy marriage based on magazine, newspaper or article based on the true story of would-be brooklyn bank robbers john wojtowicz and salvatore naturale. sonny and sal attempt a bank heist which quickly turns sour and escalates into a hostage situation and stand-off with the police. as sonny s motives for the robbery are slowly revealed and things become more complicated, the heist turns into a media circus. the most bizarre bank siege ever dog day afternoon"
american graffiti california farewell rock  n  roll robbery love at first sight car race radio station car breakdown vandalism radio radio presenter airplane car child 1960s a couple of high school graduates spend one final night cruising the strip with their buddies before they go off to college. where were you in  62? american graffiti
"jfk assassination cia homophobia new orleans vietnam war john f. kennedy investigation government historical figure president conspiracy death kennedy assassination this acclaimed oliver stone drama presents the investigation into the assassination of president john f. kennedy led by new orleans district attorney jim garrison. when garrison begins to doubt conventional thinking on the murder, he faces government resistance, and, after the killing of suspected assassin lee harvey oswald, he closes the case. later, however, garrison reopens the investigation, finding evidence of an extensive conspiracy behind kennedy s death. the story that won’t go away. jfk"
"muppet movie, the chicken musical frog puppet fame puppetry hollywood gonzo muppet kermit fozzie bear kermit the frog floyd dr teeth miss piggy studebaker movie star aftercreditsstinger kermit the frog is persuaded by agent dom deluise to pursue a career in hollywood. along the way, kermit picks up fozzie bear, miss piggy, gonzo, and a motley crew of other muppets with similar aspirations. meanwhile, kermit must elude the grasp of a frog-leg restaurant magnate. more entertaining than humanly possible. the muppet movie"
"great muppet caper, the puppetry the muppets kermit the frog marretas kermit and fozzie are newspaper reporters sent to london to interview lady holiday, a wealthy fashion designer whose priceless diamond necklace is stolen. kermit meets and falls in love with her secretary, miss piggy. the jewel thieves strike again, and this time frame miss piggy. it s up to kermit and muppets to bring the real culprits to justice.  the great muppet caper"
"muppets take manhattan, the new york career musical frog pig music puppet puppetry the muppets when the muppets graduate from danhurst college, they take their song-filled senior revue to new york city, only to learn that it isn t easy to find a producer who s willing to back a show starring a frog and a pig. of course, kermit the frog and miss piggy won t take no for an answer, launching a search for someone to take them to broadway.  the muppets take manhattan"
"erin brockovich biography based on a true story single mother water pollution environmental law corporate negligence a twice-divorced mother of three who sees an injustice, takes on the bad guy and wins -- with a little help from her push-up bra. erin goes to work for an attorney and comes across medical records describing illnesses clustered in one nearby town. she starts investigating and soon exposes a monumental cover-up. she brought a small town to its feet and a huge corporation to its knees. erin brockovich"
"final destination omen airplane accident corpse death near-death experience after a teenager has a terrifying vision of him and his friends dying in a plane crash, he prevents the accident only to have death hunt them down, one by one. no accidents. no coincidences. no escapes. you can t cheat death. final destination"
"thelma & louise usa southern usa waitress self-defense highway female friendship arkansas grand canyon road trip whilst on a short weekend getaway, louise shoots a man who had tried to rape thelma. due to the incriminating circumstances, they make a run for it and thus a cross country chase ensues for the two fugitives. along the way, both women rediscover the strength of their friendship and surprising aspects of their personalities and self-strengths in the trying times. somebody said get a life… so they did. thelma & louise"
"animal house sex college fraternity dean fraternity house national lampoon s probation 1960s college freshman anarchic comedy at a 1962 college, dean vernon wormer is determined to expel the entire delta tau chi fraternity, but those troublemakers have other plans for him. it was the deltas against the rules... the rules lost! animal house"
"do the right thing black people italian american police brutality hip-hop culture clash street war heat restaurant critic radio transmission punk chaos police operation pizzeria pizza money racism new york city brooklyn, new york city heat wave on the hottest day of the year on a street in the bedford-stuyvesant section of brooklyn, everyone s hate and bigotry smolders and builds until it explodes into violence. it s the hottest day of the summer. you can do nothing, you can do something, or you can … do the right thing"
"double indemnity suicide insurance salesman insurance fraud step daughter train accident marriage femme fatale murder double cross film noir a rich woman and a calculating insurance agent plot to kill her unsuspecting husband after he signs a double indemnity policy.  against a backdrop of distinctly californian settings, the partners in crime plan the perfect murder to collect the insurance, which pays  double if the death is accidental. from the moment they met it was murder! double indemnity"
teenage mutant ninja turtles skateboarding martial arts mutant pizza delivery ninja sewer brothers a quartet of mutated humanoid turtles clash with an uprising criminal gang of ninjas heroes in a half shell! teenage mutant ninja turtles
"red dawn guerrilla colorado future invasion anti-communism red army it is the dawn of world war iii. in mid-western america, a group of teenagers band together to defend their town—and their country—from invading soviet forces. in our time, no foreign army has ever occupied american soil. until now. red dawn"
"good morning, vietnam rock  n  roll radio station war crimes entertainer explosive cynic radio vietnam war vietcong gi u.s. air force dying and death radio presenter saigon provocation right and justice radio funny man adrian cronauer is sent to vietnam to bring a little comedy back into the lives of the soldiers. after setting up shop, cronauer delights the g.i.s but shocks his superior officer, sergeant major dickerson, with his irreverent take on the war. while dickerson attempts to censor cronauer s broadcasts, cronauer pursues a relationship with a vietnamese girl named trinh, who shows him the horrors of war first-hand. time to rock it from the delta to the dmz! good morning, vietnam"
"grumpy old men retiree old friends elderly aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger neighborhood ice fishing christmas for decades, next-door neighbors and former friends john and max have feuded, trading insults and wicked pranks. when an attractive widow moves in nearby, their bad blood erupts into a high-stakes rivalry full of naughty jokes and adolescent hijinks. will this love triangle destroy the two old grumps? or will the geriatric odd couple overcome their differences and rediscover their friendship? the best of enemies until something came between them. grumpy old men"
guess who s coming to dinner san francisco marriage proposal ruling class vacation interracial relationship dinner doctor art gallery widower miscegenation publisher matt and christina drayton are a couple whose attitudes are challenged when their daughter brings home a fiancé who is black. a love story of today guess who s coming to dinner
"romeo must die martial arts hip-hop oakland east asian lead asian man two warring gang families  one african-american, the other chinese  maneuver for bragging rights to the oakland, california, docks. hang sing and trish o day uncover a trail of deceit that leaves most of the warring factions dead … or worse! in the city ruled by criminals, two families have forgotten their fear. he will make them remember. romeo must die"
"lord of the flies child murderer survival teenage boy deserted island dead children south sea island flogging degeneration swine innocence lost whipping asthmatic aeronautics rite amidst a nuclear war, a plane carrying a group of schoolboys crash lands on a deserted island. with no adult survivors, the boys are forced to fend for themselves. at first they cooperate, but when the they split into two separate camps -- one led by the pragmatic ralph and the other by militaristic jack -- their society falls into disarray, leading to a disturbing examination of human nature and a chilling conclusion. evil is inherent in the human mind, whatever innocence may cloak it... lord of the flies"
"hustler, the suicide gambling manager alcohol based on novel or book bar pool billiards hustler sport party money new york city game drunk player fast eddie felson is a small-time pool hustler with a lot of talent but a self-destructive attitude. his bravado causes him to challenge the legendary minnesota fats to a high-stakes match. they called him fast eddie. he was a winner. he was a loser. he was a hustler. the hustler"
"close encounters of the third kind wyoming indiana obsession extraterrestrial technology evacuation blackout flying saucer secret base light contact beguilement exchange ufo alien toys vision missing person mother ship escapade obsessive quest life turned upside down lightshow potatoes after an encounter with ufos, a line worker feels undeniably drawn to an isolated area in the wilderness where something spectacular is about to happen. we are not alone. close encounters of the third kind"
"jacob s ladder vietnam veteran 1970s new york city violence brooklyn, new york city psychological horror postal worker figment of imagination oneiric a traumatized vietnam war veteran finds out that his post-war life isn t what he believes it to be when he s attacked by horned creatures in the subway and his dead son comes to visit him... the most frightening thing about jacob singer s nightmare is that he isn t dreaming. jacob s ladder"
"ladyhawke moon monk swordplay bishop cathedral falcon twilight solar eclipse thief captain etienne navarre is a man on whose shoulders lies a cruel curse. punished for loving each other, navarre must become a wolf by night whilst his lover, lady isabeau, takes the form of a hawk by day. together, with the thief philippe gaston, they must try to overthrow the corrupt bishop and in doing so break the spell. no force in heaven will release them. no power on earth can save them. ladyhawke"
"high fidelity chicago music record rock  n  roll record store disc jockey pop record collection when record store owner rob gordon gets dumped by his girlfriend, laura, because he hasn t changed since they met, he revisits his top five breakups of all time in an attempt to figure out what went wrong. as rob seeks out his former lovers to find out why they left, he keeps up his efforts to win laura back. a comedy about fear of commitment, hating your job, falling in love and other pop favorites. high fidelity"
"hook flying swordplay sword fairy tale peter pan daughter rescue memory loss duel the boy who wasn t supposed grow up—peter pan—does just that, becoming a soulless corporate lawyer whose workaholism could cost him his wife and kids. during his trip to see granny wendy in london, the vengeful capt. hook kidnaps peter s kids and forces peter to return to neverland. what if peter pan grew up? hook"
"true grit bounty hunter man hunt the murder of her father sends a teenage tomboy, mattie ross  kim darby , on a mission of  justice , which involves avenging her father s death. she recruits a tough old marshal,  rooster  cogburn  john wayne , because he has  grit , and a reputation of getting the job done. the two are joined by a texas ranger, la boeuf  glen campbell , who is looking for the same man  jeff corey  for a separate murder in texas. their odyssey takes them from fort smith, arkansas, deep into the indian territory  present day oklahoma  to find their man. the strangest trio ever to track a killer true grit"
"misery nurse colorado psychopath car crash author obsessed fan blizzard novelist paul sheldon crashes his car on a snowy colorado road. he is found by annie wilkes, the  number one fan  of paul s heroine misery chastaine. annie is also somewhat unstable, and paul finds himself crippled, drugged and at her mercy. paul sheldon used to write for a living. now, he s writing to stay alive. misery"
"network corruption adultery television profit power tv ratings satire murder corporate reporter co-worker meeting news fired network anchor structure rant when veteran anchorman howard beale is forced to retire his 25-year post because of his age, he announces to viewers that he will kill himself during his farewell broadcast. network executives rethink their decision when his fanatical tirade results in a spike in ratings. television will never be the same network"
"no way out homicide pentagon minister u.s. navy limousine remake secretary of defense navy lt. tom farrell meets a young woman, susan atwell , and they share a passionate fling. farrell then finds out that his superior, defense secretary david brice, is also romantically involved with atwell. when the young woman turns up dead, farrell is put in charge of the murder investigation. he begins to uncover shocking clues about the case, but when details of his encounter with susan surface, he becomes a suspect as well. is it a crime of passion, or an act of treason? no way out"
"odd couple, the male friendship based on play or musical obsessive compulsive disorder new york city poker game divorced man roommate relationship 1960s eccentric man neat freak messy apartment sports journalism neurotic man in new york, felix, a neurotic news writer who just broke up with his wife, is urged by his chaotic friend oscar, a sports journalist, to move in with him, but their lifestyles are as different as night and day are, so felix s ideas about housekeeping soon begin to irritate oscar. … say no more. the odd couple"
"outlaw josey wales, the loss of loved one showdown texas settler revenge native american comanche american civil war 19th century after avenging his family s brutal murder, wales is pursued by a pack of soldiers. he prefers to travel alone, but ragtag outcasts are drawn to him - and wales can t bring himself to leave them unprotected. ...an army of one. the outlaw josey wales"
"frequency new york mother detective baseball radio firemen future time race against time investigation father history murder paranormal flashback rescue family relationships escape explosion phenomenon amateur radio aurora borealis altering history when a rare phenomenon gives police officer john sullivan the chance to speak to his father, 30 years in the past, he takes the opportunity to prevent his dad s tragic death.  after his actions inadvertently give rise to a series of brutal murders he and his father must find a way to fix the consequences of altering time. the future is listening. frequency"
"return to me transplantation love of one s life veterinarian woman director it took a lot of cajoling to get bob, a recently widowed architect, to go on a blind date at a quirky irish-italian eatery. once there, he s smitten instantly not with his date but with the sharp-witted waitress. everything seems to be going great until an unbelievable truth is revealed, one that could easily break both of their hearts for good. a comedy straight from the heart return to me"
"rules of engagement vietnam veteran wound court case colony life-saver lawyer part war movie, part courtroom thriller, this gripping drama finds a war hero put on trial for a rescue mission gone terribly wrong with only his doubtful friend and fellow marine to represent him. a hero should never have to stand alone. rules of engagement"
"arthur waitress butler new york city theft comic drunk arthur is the most quotable drunk millionaire that is likely to ever steal your heart. dudley moore portrays arthur, a thirty year old child who will inherit 750 million dollars if he complies with his family s demands and marries the woman of their choosing. not everyone who drinks is a poet, some of us drink because we re not. arthur"
"bachelor party bachelor loyalty donkey stag night party wedding this outrageously funny look at one man s final moments of bachelorhood stars tom hanks as rick, reluctant recipient of a bachelor bash given by a group of friends who view partying as their full-time religion. rick s worried fiancée, debbie  tawny kitaen , dresses up in disguise and crashes the party to spy on her future husband. a man s tradition every woman should know about. bachelor party"
"parenthood parent child relationship grandparent grandchild relationship dysfunctional family family relationships parenting kids children s party the story of the buckman family and friends, attempting to bring up their children. they suffer/enjoy all the events that occur: estranged relatives, the  black sheep  of the family, the eccentrics, the skeletons in the closet, and the rebellious teenagers. a comedy about life, love and the gentle art of raising children. parenthood"
"predator central and south america predator alien stalking survival guerrilla warfare trap alien invasion invisible commando 3d dutch and his group of commandos are hired by the cia to rescue downed airmen from guerillas in a central american jungle. the mission goes well but as they return they find that something is hunting them. nearly invisible, it blends in with the forest, taking trophies from the bodies of its victims as it goes along. occasionally seeing through its eyes, the audience sees it is an intelligent alien hunter, hunting them for sport, killing them off one at a time. soon the hunt will begin. predator"
"prince of tides, the american football trainer twin sister suppressed past psychiatrist extramarital affair woman director a troubled man talks to his suicidal sister s psychiatrist about their family history and falls in love with her in the process. a story about the memories that haunt us, and the truth that sets us free. the prince of tides"
"28 days drug addiction alcoholism car crash drug rehabilitation wedding withdrawal sobriety woman director after getting into a car accident while drunk on the day of her sister s wedding, gwen cummings is given a choice between prison or a rehab center. she chooses rehab, but is extremely resistant to taking part in any of the treatment programs they have to offer, refusing to admit that she has an alcohol addiction. the life of the party... before she got a life. 28 days"
"american psycho based on novel or book wall street psychopath satire dark comedy serial killer psychological thriller cult film white collar harvard business school child of divorce voice imitation unreliable narrator woman director 1980s a wealthy new york investment banking executive hides his alternate psychopathic ego from his co-workers and friends as he escalates deeper into his illogical, gratuitous fantasies. i think my mask of sanity is about to slip. american psycho"
"keeping the faith love triangle rabbi priest catholicism best friends since they were kids, rabbi jacob schram and father brian finn are dynamic and popular young men living and working on new york s upper west side. when anna reilly, once their childhood friend and now grown into a beautiful corporate executive, suddenly returns to the city, she reenters jake and brian s lives and hearts with a vengeance. sparks fly and an unusual and complicated love triangle ensues. if you have to believe in something, you may as well believe in love. keeping the faith"
"diner diner baltimore maryland fake accident gambling debt twenty something 1950s set in 1959, diner shows how five young men resist their adulthood and seek refuge in their beloved diner. the mundane, childish, and titillating details of their lives are shared. but the golden moments pass, and the men shoulder their responsibilities, leaving the diner behind. suddenly, life was more than french fries, gravy, and girls. diner"
"cabaret berlin germany entertainer cabaret nazi bisexuality hitler youth fireplace master of ceremonies baron love political unrest english lesson 1930s inside the kit kat club of 1931 berlin, starry-eyed singer sally bowles and an impish emcee sound the clarion call to decadent fun, while outside a certain political party grows into a brutal force. life is a cabaret cabaret"
"marathon man new york sex running based on novel or book diamond nazi government war history conspiracy student theft criminal agent dentist rogue international a graduate student and obsessive runner in new york is drawn into a mysterious plot involving his brother, a member of the secretive division. one man s dangerous attempts to clear his father s name. marathon man"
"caddyshack competition lightning golf underwear sport coming of age class differences explosion golf course country club gopher at an exclusive country club, an ambitious young caddy, danny noonan, eagerly pursues a caddy scholarship in hopes of attending college and, in turn, avoiding a job at the lumber yard. in order to succeed, he must first win the favour of the elitist judge smails, and then the caddy golf tournament which smails sponsors. the snobs against the slobs! caddyshack"
"u-571 submarine world war ii north atlantic mission in the midst of world war ii, the battle under the sea rages and the nazis have the upper hand as the allies are unable to crack their war codes. however, after a wrecked u-boat sends out an sos signal, the allies realise this is their chance to seize the  enigma coding machine . heroes are ordinary men who do extraordinary things in extraordinary times. u-571"
"virgin suicides, the michigan 1970s youth family woman director a group of male friends become obsessed with five mysterious sisters who are sheltered by their strict, religious parents. beautiful, mysterious, haunting, invariably fatal. just like life. the virgin suicides"
"gladiator rome italy parent child relationship gladiator arena senate roman empire emperor slavery ancient rome battlefield slave auction ancient world combat chariot philosopher fictionalized history barbarian horde 2nd century successor maximus in the year 180, the death of emperor marcus aurelius throws the roman empire into chaos.  maximus is one of the roman army s most capable and trusted generals and a key advisor to the emperor.  as marcus  devious son commodus ascends to the throne, maximus is set to be executed.  he escapes, but is captured by slave traders.  renamed spaniard and forced to become a gladiator, maximus must battle to the death with other men for the amusement of paying audiences. a hero will rise. gladiator"
"mr. mom housewife job jack and caroline are a couple making a decent living when jack suddenly loses his job. they agree that he should stay at home and look after the house while caroline works. it s just that he s never done it before, and really doesn t have a clue... when mom goes to work, dad goes berserk! mr. mom"
"battlefield earth based on novel or book post-apocalyptic dystopia mining fighter jet alien invasion scientology cavemen bureaucrat city ruin in the year 3000, man is no match for the psychlos, a greedy, manipulative race of aliens on a quest for ultimate profit. led by the powerful terl, the psychlos are stripping earth clean of its natural resources, using the broken remnants of humanity as slaves. what is left of the human race has descended into a near primitive state. after being captured, it is up to tyler to save mankind. take back the planet battlefield earth"
"pee-wee s big adventure prenzlauer berg dark comedy heroes journey pee wee herman paul rubens tim burton the eccentric and childish pee-wee herman embarks on a big adventure when his beloved bicycle is stolen. armed with information from a fortune-teller and a relentless obsession with his prized possession, pee-wee encounters a host of odd characters and bizarre situations as he treks across the country to recover his bike. the story of a rebel and his bike. pee-wee s big adventure"
"honeymoon in vegas hawaii gambling debts elvis presley woman between two men fear of commitment wedding on her deathbed, a mother makes her son promise never to get married, which scars him with psychological blocks to a commitment with his girlfriend. they finally decide to tie the knot in vegas, but a wealthy gambler arranges for the man to lose $65k in a poker game and offers to clear the debt for a weekend with his fiancée. a comedy about one bride, two grooms, and a wedding party you won t believe. honeymoon in vegas"
dinosaur cataclysm asteroid leader comet prehistoric prehistoric egg dinosaur nesting grounds prehistoric creature prehistoric adventure lemur prehistoric times an orphaned dinosaur raised by lemurs joins an arduous trek to a sancturary after a meteorite shower destroys his family home. you have never seen anything like this. dinosaur
road trip sex sexism sperm bank politics blonde road trip sorority politically incorrect cross country stoner sperm donor school bus losing money male virgin dorm room sex comedy sex tape young adult four friends take off on an 1800 mile road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a girl friend. the greatest college tradition of all. road trip
small time crooks bank restaurant bank robber wife pizzeria pizza keks independent film bank robbery hoodlum a loser of a crook and his wife strike it rich when a botched bank job s cover business becomes a spectacular success. they took a bite out of crime small time crooks
"mission: impossible 2 terror spain cia helicopter secret identity skyscraper undercover island ex-lover secret mission dying and death secret agent computer duel lethal virus violence rescue team agent car research laboratory with computer genius luther stickell at his side and a beautiful thief on his mind, agent ethan hunt races across australia and spain to stop a former imf agent from unleashing a genetically engineered biological weapon called chimera. this mission, should hunt choose to accept it, plunges him into the center of an international crisis of terrifying magnitude. expect the impossible again. mission: impossible ii"
"shanghai noon princess sioux travel rescue native american chinese cowboy duringcreditsstinger 19th century chon wang, a clumsy imperial guard trails princess pei pei when she is kidnapped from the forbidden city and transported to america. wang follows her captors to nevada, where he teams up with an unlikely partner, outcast outlaw roy o bannon, and tries to spring the princess from her imprisonment. the old west meets the far east. shanghai noon"
"on her majesty s secret service london, england suicide england based on novel or book switzerland secret identity new identity honeymoon secret mission secret organization secret lab villain kilt family history snow storm daughter espionage killer british secret service snow skiing alps aftercreditsstinger james bond tracks his archnemesis, ernst blofeld, to a mountaintop retreat where he is training an army of beautiful, lethal women. along the way, bond falls for italian contessa tracy draco, and marries her in order to get closer to blofeld. far up! far out! far more! james bond 007 is back! on her majesty s secret service"
"spy who loved me, the london, england submarine england assassination spy cairo sea terrorist egypt mass murder pyramid russia planned murder secret intelligence service kgb villain nuclear missile tanker sphinx warhead jet ski utopia secret agent murder shark killer british secret service snow skiing sardinia russian and british submarines with nuclear missiles on board both vanish from sight without a trace. england and russia both blame each other as james bond tries to solve the riddle of the disappearing ships. but the kgb also has an agent on the case. it s the biggest. it s the best. it s bond. and b-e-y-o-n-d. the spy who loved me"
"moonraker venice, italy mass murder rio de janeiro space marine space suit marcus square space battle secret base laser utopia space travel boat chase astronaut british secret service space shuttle weightlessness cable car after drax industries  moonraker space shuttle is hijacked, secret agent james bond is assigned to investigate, traveling to california to meet the company s owner, the mysterious hugo drax. with the help of scientist dr. holly goodhead, bond soon uncovers drax s nefarious plans for humanity, all the while fending off an old nemesis, jaws, and venturing to venice, rio, the amazon...and outer space. outer space now belongs to 007. moonraker"
"man with the golden gun, the london, england england martial arts assassin based on novel or book exotic island gold hitman secret mission villain bangkok thailand floatplane karate hong kong duel pistol secret service aftercreditsstinger a golden bullet has 007 engraved on it as it smashes into the secret service headquarters. the bullet came from the professional killer scaramanga who has yet to miss a target and james bond begins a mission to try and stop him. the man with the golden gun is ready to assassinate james bond. the man with the golden gun"
"guns of navarone, the based on novel or book world war ii fort allied army a team of allied saboteurs are assigned an impossible mission: infiltrate an impregnable nazi-held island and destroy the two enormous long-range field guns that prevent the rescue of 2,000 trapped british soldiers. the greatest high adventure ever filmed! the guns of navarone"
"romeo and juliet new love lover  female  love of one s life forbidden love lovers secret love crush based on play or musical tragedy director franco zeffirelli s beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the english language. romeo montague and juliet capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. no ordinary love story... romeo and juliet"
"blazing saddles gun saloon governor marching band western spoof railroad interrupted hanging cowboy western town western spoof ceremony frontier town saloon girl movie reality crossover nietzsche coot self-referential female singer anarchic comedy a town—where everyone seems to be named johnson—stands in the way of the railroad. in order to grab their land, robber baron hedley lemar sends his henchmen to make life in the town unbearable. after the sheriff is killed, the town demands a new sheriff from the governor, so hedley convinces him to send the town the first black sheriff in the west. never give a saga an even break! blazing saddles"
"for a few dollars more bounty hunter rural setting pot smoking beard death mustache spaghetti western sombrero right hand man sidekick piano two bounty hunters are in pursuit of  el indio,  one of the most wanted fugitives in the western territories, and his gang. the man with no name is back... the man in black is waiting... a walking arsenal - he uncoils, strikes and kills! per qualche dollaro in più"
"blood simple assassin husband wife relationship texas planned murder lover boss employee killer dead fish extramarital affair shallow grave neo-noir the owner of a seedy small-town texas bar discovers that one of his employees is having an affair with his wife. a chaotic chain of misunderstandings, lies and mischief ensues after he devises a plot to have them murdered. breaking up is hard to do. blood simple"
"fabulous baker boys, the jazz liquor success frank and jack baker are professional musicians who play small clubs. they play smaltzy music and have never needed a day job... for 31 years it s been just the fabulous baker boys... but times change. the fabulous baker boys"
"prizzi s honor hitman gangster lovers killer a professional hit man and hit woman fall in love, only to discover that they have each been hired to kill the other. hired killers by day. devoted lovers by night. until they found their next assignment was each other. prizzi s honor"
"flatliners life and death afterlife swing memory medical student confetti five medical students want to find out if there is life after death. they plan to stop one of their hearts for a few seconds, thus simulating death, and then bring the person back to life. a science fiction thriller from the early 1990 s with a star studded cast. some lines shouldn t be crossed. flatliners"
"porky s sex virgin stripper redneck school loss of virginity hijinks racism teenager lust peeping tom teaching misadventure sex comedy duringcreditsstinger voyeur virginity set in 1954, a group of florida high schoolers seek out to lose their virginity which leads them to seek revenge on a sleazy nightclub owner and his redneck sheriff brother for harassing them. keep an eye out for the funniest movie about growing up ever made! porky s"
"predator 2 predator war on drugs extraterrestrial technology los angeles alien invasion invisible ten years after a band of mercenaries first battled a vicious alien, the invisible creature from another world has returned to earth—and this time, it’s drawn to the gang-ruled and ravaged city of los angeles. when it starts murdering drug dealers, detective-lieutenant mike harrigan and his police force set out to capture the creature, ignoring warnings from a mysterious government agent to stay away. silent. invisible. invincible. he’s in town with a few days to kill. predator 2"
"running man, the prison based on novel or book chase hunting human beings game show dystopia dystopian future by 2017, the global economy has collapsed and american society has become a totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. the government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style the running man, hosted by the ruthless damon killian, where “runners” attempt to evade “stalkers” and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. 2019. a game nobody survives. this year might be the exception. the running man"
"starman places and planets widow lovers alien cherry pie when an alien takes the form of a young widow s husband and asks her to drive him from wisconsin to arizona, the government tries to stop them. in 1977 voyager ii was launched into space, inviting all lifeforms in the universe to visit our planet. get ready. company s coming. starman"
"alien nation delinquency cop alien invasion a few years from now, earth will have the first contact with an alien civilisation. these aliens, known as newcomers, slowly begin to be integrated into human society after years of quarantine. prepare yourself. alien nation"
"mad max chain baby exploitation bridge post-apocalyptic dystopia matter of life and death australia benzine biker vigilante cop partner truck motorcycle motorcycle gang exploding car cult film in a postapocalyptic future, jaded cop max rockatansky  mel gibson  is ready to retire. but his world is shattered when a malicious gang murders his family as an act of retaliation, forcing a devastated max to hit the open road seeking vengeance. as he travels the australian outback s empty stretches of highway, he tours the bloodstained battlegrounds ruled by marauding bikers who feed on violence. the maximum force of the future mad max"
"mad max 2  a.k.a. the road warrior  explosive boomerang mask exploitation pilot chase post-apocalyptic dystopia deal survivor feral child australia community ex-cop truck sequel independent film oil wasteland gang rape motorcycle gang violence dog desolate cult film oil refinery music box oil tanker wanderer max rockatansky returns as the heroic loner who drives the dusty roads of a postapocalyptic australian outback in an unending search for gasoline. arrayed against him and the other scraggly defendants of a fuel-depot encampment are the bizarre warriors commanded by the charismatic lord humungus, a violent leader whose scruples are as barren as the surrounding landscape. when all that s left is one last chance, pray that he s still out there ... somewhere! mad max 2"
"mad max beyond thunderdome dictator dwarf arena sandstorm dystopia camel australia ex-cop oasis sequel children tribe wasteland desert cult film adventurer post nuclear mad max becomes a pawn in a decadent oasis of a technological society, and when exiled, becomes the deliverer of a colony of children. two men enter. one man leaves. mad max beyond thunderdome"
"bird on a wire poison drug addiction fbi zoo chase sexual attraction detroit machine gun piranha a fbi informant has kept his new identity secret for 15 years, now an old flame has recognised him and the bad guys are back for revenge. he s every woman s dream and one woman s nightmare bird on a wire"
"angel heart southern usa amnesia drug addiction new orleans neurosis heart fan sanatorium animal attack vision blood church drugs demon incest down-and-out private detective, harry angel is ordered by the mysterious louis cyphre to go on a mission to find a missing person. his routine failure soon leads to a bloody spar with himself, as he goes on a supernatural journey into his own soul. harry angel has been hired in search for the truth. pray he doesn t find it. angel heart"
"soapdish television broadcast celeste talbert is the star of the long-running soap opera  the sun also sets.  with the show s ratings down, celeste s ruthlessly ambitious co-star, montana moorehead, and the show s arrogant producer, david seton barnes, plot to aggravate her into leaving the show by bringing back her old flame, jeffrey anderson, and hiring her beautiful young niece, lori craven. all that glitter... all that glamour... all that dirt. soapdish"
"gone in 60 seconds sibling relationship detective car race car thief blackmail brother remake heist betrayal organized crime shootout police chase explosion violence lock pick car chase stakeout illegal drugs stolen cars ford mustang blacklight upon learning that he has to come out of retirement to steal 50 cars in one night to save his brother kip s life, former car thief randall  memphis  raines enlists help from a few  boost happy  pals to accomplish a seemingly impossible feat. from countless car chases to relentless cops, the high-octane excitement builds as randall swerves around more than a few roadblocks to keep kip alive. ice cold, hot wired. gone in sixty seconds"
"conversation, the san francisco saxophone paranoia audio tape wiretap shadowing surveillance surveillance expert harry caul is hired by a mysterious client s brusque aide to tail a young couple. tracking the pair through san francisco s union square, caul and his associate stan manage to record a cryptic conversation between them. tormented by memories of a previous case that ended badly, caul becomes obsessed with the resulting tape, trying to determine if the couple are in danger. harry caul is an invader of privacy. the best in the business. the conversation"
serpico corruption hippie police money undercover cop internal affairs new york city social justice whistleblower the real-life struggle of an honest new york city cop against a corrupt system. many of his fellow officers considered him the most dangerous man alive - an honest cop. serpico
"big trouble in little china san francisco kung fu chinatown kidnapping magic mystery cult film truck driver when trucker jack burton agreed to take his friend, wang chi, to pick up his fiancee at the airport, he never expected to get involved in a supernatural battle between good and evil. wang s fiancee has emerald green eyes, which make her a perfect target for immortal sorcerer lo pan and his three invincible cronies. lo pan must marry a girl with green eyes so he can regain his physical form. adventure doesn t come any bigger! big trouble in little china"
"shaft sibling relationship corruption italian american based on novel or book drug dealer remake revenge murder new york city violence drugs police officer xenophobia black american lucifer morningstar new york police detective john shaft arrests walter wade jr. for a racially motivated slaying. but the only eyewitness disappears, and wade jumps bail for switzerland. two years later wade returns to face trial, confident his money and influence will get him acquitted -- especially since he s paid a drug kingpin to kill the witness. still the man, any questions? shaft"
"titan a.e. monster galaxy dystopia space alien mission a young man finds out that he holds the key to restoring hope and ensuring survival for the human race, while an alien species called the drej are bent on mankind s destruction. when earth ends, the adventure begins. titan a.e."
"chicken run royal air force  raf  chicken northern england freedom yorkshire escape farmer chicken farm pie machine having been hopelessly repressed and facing eventual certain death at the british chicken farm where they are held, ginger the chicken along with the help of rocky the american rooster decide to rebel and lead their fellow chickens in a great escape from the murderous farmers mr. and mrs. tweedy and their farm of doom. this ain t no chick flick. it s poultry in motion. chicken run"
"me, myself and irene schizophrenia ex-cop aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger rhode island state trooper charlie baileygates has a multiple personality disorder. one personality is crazy and aggressive, while the other is more friendly and laid back. both of these personalities fall in love with the same woman named irene after charlie loses his medication. from gentle to mental. me, myself & irene"
"patriot, the rebel southern usa loss of loved one martial arts general passion insurgence french daughter south carolina british based on a true story gore mission 18th century american revolution after proving himself on the field of battle in the french and indian war, benjamin martin wants nothing more to do with such things, preferring the simple life of a farmer. but when his son gabriel enlists in the army to defend their new nation, america, against the british, benjamin reluctantly returns to his old life to protect his son. some things are worth fighting for. the patriot"
"perfect storm, the baseball montreal professional sports in 1994, the montreal expos held the best record in baseball until the mid-august strike and the entire post-season was cancelled.  the team never found success again, and in 2004, the franchise was forced to leave montreal and move to washington. this film provides access to powerful behind-the-scenes footage – ranging from the players’ bus ride to the stadium, to their emotional reactions stepping onto the field, to the montreal fans who have never forgotten baseball’s best team in 1994. interviews with media who followed the team’s season and discussions with former coaches and players will paint both a thrilling and heartbreaking picture of the influential ‘94 montreal expos – a groundbreaking squad whose legacy lives on in montreal  a look back 20 years later on the team that was baseball s best in  94 and how they have inspired a return for the sport in montreal. the perfect storm: story of the 1994 montreal expos"
"f/x corruption detective assassin showdown fbi mission of murder witness protection stuntman police mafia boss deception special effects gunfight new york city violence car chase disguise federal agent makeup artist manhunt justice department a movies special effects man is hired by a government agency to help stage the assassination of a well known gangster. when the agency double cross him, he uses his special effects to trap the gangster and the corrupt agents. murder by illusion f/x"
"dreamscape usa president monster dream heart telekinesis psychic science snake man a government funded project looks into using psychics to enter people s dreams, with some mechanical help. when a subject dies in his sleep from a heart attack alex gardner becomes suspicious that another of the psychics is killing people in the dreams somehow and that is causing them to die in real life. he must find a way to stop the abuse of the power to enter dreams. close your eyes and the adventure begins. dreamscape"
"scary movie sex garage psychopath crude humor horror spoof drugs following on the heels of popular teen-scream horror movies, with uproarious comedy and biting satire. marlon and shawn wayans, shannon elizabeth and carmen electra pitch in to skewer some of hollywood s biggest blockbusters, including scream, i know what you did last summer, the matrix, american pie and the blair witch project. no mercy. no shame. no sequel. scary movie"
"footloose dancing dancer dance music dance teacher father daughter relationship when teenager ren and his family move from big-city chicago to a small town in the west, he s in for a real case of culture shock. the music is on his side. footloose"
"x-men mutant superhero based on comic superhuman two mutants, rogue and wolverine, come to a private academy for their kind whose resident superhero team, the x-men, must oppose a terrorist organization with similar powers. evolution begins x-men"
"what lies beneath secret haunted house ouija board haunting missing child ghost when claire spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. all the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it s all in her head. but as claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he s letting on. he was the perfect husband until his one mistake followed them home. what lies beneath"
"what about bob? desperation idiot neurosis new hampshire psychiatrist family holiday before going on vacation, self-involved psychiatrist dr. leo marvin has the misfortune of taking on a new patient: bob wiley. an exemplar of neediness and a compendium of phobias, bob follows marvin to his family s country house. dr. marvin tries to get him to leave; the trouble is, everyone loves bob. as his oblivious patient makes himself at home, dr. marvin loses his professional composure and, before long, may be ready for the loony bin himself. bob s a special kind of friend. the kind that drives you crazy! what about bob?"
"breaker morant war crimes writing mythology australian south africa military court military service based on play or musical trial boer war early 1900s during the boer war, three australian lieutenants are on trial for shooting boer prisoners. though they acted under orders, they are being used as scapegoats by the general staff, who hopes to distance themselves from the irregular practices of the war. the trial does not progress as smoothly as expected by the general staff, as the defence puts up a strong fight in the courtroom.  breaker morant"
"hollow man killing experiment scientist invisible man cocky researcher, sebastian caine is working on a project to make living creatures invisible and he s so confident he s found the right formula that he tests it on himself and soon begins to vanish. the only problem is – no-one can determine how to make him visible again. caine s predicament eventually drives him mad, with terrifying results. what would you do if you knew you couldn t be seen? hollow man"
"space cowboys nasa space travel space western astronaut elderly frank corvin, ‘hawk’ hawkins, jerry o neill and ‘tank’ sullivan were hotdog members of project daedalus, the air force s test program for space travel, but their hopes were dashed in 1958 with the formation of nasa and the use of trained chimps. they blackmail their way into orbit when russia s mysterious ‘ikon’ communications satellite s orbit begins to degrade and threatens to crash to earth. space will never be the same. space cowboys"
kelly s heroes gold world war ii armor campaign u.s. army gold bar front lieutenant colonel tank a misfit group of world war ii american soldiers goes awol to rob a bank behind german lines. they set out to rob a bank... and damn near won a war instead! kelly s heroes
"steel magnolias southern usa strong woman beauty female friendship based on play or musical this heart wrenching drama is about a beauty shop, in louisana owned by truvy, and the tragedies of all of her clients. the funniest movie ever to make you cry. steel magnolias"
"cell, the drowning fbi therapist virtual reality psychopath serial killer a psychotherapist journeys inside a comatose serial killer in the hopes of saving his latest victim. enter the mind of a killer the cell"
"naked gun: from the files of police squad!, the baseball aquarium terrorism illegal drugs criminal investigation buddy cop anarchic comedy queen elizabeth ii when the incompetent officer frank drebin seeks the ruthless killer of his partner, he stumbles upon an attempt to assassinate queen elizabeth. the villain. even mother teresa wanted him dead. the naked gun: from the files of police squad!"
"naked gun 2 1/2: the smell of fear, the washington d.c. the white house usa president spoof bumbling cop frank drebin is out to foil the big boys in the energy industry, who intend to suppress technology that will put them out of business. if you see only one movie this year...you ought to get out more often the naked gun 2½: the smell of fear"
"nurse betty bartender native american writer violence used car dealer nurse uniform tv production heart specialist what happens when a person decides that life is merely a state of mind? if you re betty, a small-town waitress and soap opera fan from fair oaks, kansas, you refuse to believe that you can t be with the love of your life just because he doesn t really exist. after all, life is no excuse for not living. traumatized by a savage event, betty enters into a fugue state that allows -- even encourages -- her to keep functioning... in a kind of alternate reality. she s chasing a dream... they re chasing her. nurse betty"
"almost famous hotel room san diego drug addiction stewardess overdose groupie music journalist rock heavy metal concert swimming pool based on a true story promiscuity coming of age on the road domineering mother reconciliation semi autobiographical innocence lost bus trip aspiring writer in 1973, 15-year-old william miller s unabashed love of music and aspiration to become a rock journalist lands him an assignment from rolling stone magazine to interview and tour with the up-and-coming band stillwater—fronted by lead guitar russell hammond, and lead singer jeff bebe. experience it. enjoy it. just don t fall for it. almost famous"
"best in show philadelphia illinois pet shop poodle mockumentary dog terrier kimono dog show the tension is palpable, the excitement is mounting and the heady scent of competition is in the air as hundreds of eager contestants from across america prepare to take part in what is undoubtedly one of the greatest events of their lives -- the mayflower dog show. the canine contestants and their owners are as wondrously diverse as the great country that has bred them. some pets deserve a little more respect than others. best in show"
"remember the titans ku klux klan american football trainer sports team race politics coaction apartheid sport high school racial segregation racist based on a true story xenophobia head coach after leading his football team to 15 winning seasons, coach bill yoast is demoted and replaced by herman boone – tough, opinionated and as different from the beloved yoast as he could be. the two men learn to overcome their differences and turn a group of hostile young men into champions. history is written by the winners. remember the titans"
"fantastic voyage submarine coma claustrophobia wound laser double agent human body shrinking radioactive miniaturization doctor scientist sabotage security military brain surgery turbulence scuba diver blood clot microscopic the science of miniaturization has been unlocked, and the army has big plans. but when a scientist carrying the secret of the process is injured in a surprise attack, a life-threatening blood clot puts him into a coma. now, a team of adventurers will have to use the technology to travel inside his body and destroy the clot. a fantastic and spectacular voyage... through the human body... into the brain. fantastic voyage"
"meet the parents cia airport cat jew orderly airplane father-in-law epistaxis daughter lost baggage urn pavilion volleyball hospital wedding greg focker is ready to marry his girlfriend, pam, but before he pops the question, he must win over her formidable father, humorless former cia agent jack byrnes, at the wedding of pam s sister. as greg bends over backward to make a good impression, his visit to the byrnes home turns into a hilarious series of disasters, and everything that can go wrong does, all under jack s critical, hawklike gaze. first comes love. then comes the interrogation. meet the parents"
"contender, the washington d.c. usa president sex scandal politics government vice president the vice president is dead, and as the president makes his choice for a replacement, a secret contest of wills is being waged by a formidable rival. when senator laine hanson is nominated as the first woman in history to hold the office, hidden agendas explode into a battle for power. sometimes you can assassinate a leader without firing a shot. the contender"
